---
title: "Set up camp for the night, but prepare to travel faster tomorrow to make up for lost time."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-15T05:35:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Seeing **El Disgusto’s** obvious exhaustion and **The Undertaker’s** poor attempt at masking his fatigue, you decide you’re probably better off resting for now. “*I think I’m with **El Disgusto** on this one, I’m sure we’re all pretty tired at this point. We’ll make camp here for the night, but we should be sure to get up early in the morning and be fast on our feet once we get going again.*” **El Disgusto** looks pleased with your decision and relaxes against the tree, and while **The Undertaker** grimaces you can tell from the look in his eyes that he’s relieved too.

Together the three of you spend several minutes setting up a **makeshift camp**. You pull out your **emergency sleeping bag** and find a flat spot to set it up, **El Disgusto** makes some kind of nest for himself out of **dirt**, **moss** and **dead leaves**, and **The Undertaker** begins digging through his coat’s inner pockets for a moment before somehow producing an entire rolled up **tent**. Where is he keeping these things? His magic truly continues to surprise and confuse you. With the sleeping arrangements squared away you then gather various sticks and bits of wood for a **fire**, which you use to heat up some of your **corn** and **beans**. **El Disgusto** passes out on top of his dirt mound almost immediately after eating, leaving you and **The Undertaker** alone by the fire.

After a few minutes of silence, **The Undertaker** leans closer to you and begins talking quietly. “*I dunno how you and your old crew handled camping out, but I don’t think it would be too wise for all of us to sleep at once. No saying what might be lurking out in these woods, and we’re a long way from the nearest town.*” He has a point; You have no idea what sort of wildlife **Wrestlemania** has, and you’ve made no shortage of enemies in these lands either. “*Yeah, you’ve got a point. Since camping out was my idea I can take the first watch, you go get some sleep and I’ll wake you in a couple hours.*” **The Undertaker** nods, “*Sounds good. I’m a light sleeper, so if things go south just shout.*” He then stands up and retires to his tent, leaving you alone by the fire.

Your watch starts off largely uneventful. You manage to keep yourself awake by watching the stars, thinking back on your adventure so far, and occasionally throwing a branch on the fire. However, around an hour into your watch as you’re staring off into space you think you can hear rustling off in the distance. You listen more closely for a moment, and sure enough you hear the rustling again, this time accompanied by the sound of a **snapping branch**.

Will you dismiss the sounds coming from the woods, or do something to investigate?

[``> Wait and see if the sounds keep happening.``](../101)

|[``< Previous page``](../99)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|