---
title: "Wait and see if the sounds keep happening."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-17T01:51:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Not wanting to wake up your **allies** for nothing, you decide to wait and listen for a bit longer instead. Sure enough, after a few moments you once again hear the sound of rustling brush from somewhere within the forest. As you continue to listen you swear the sounds are also getting closer and more frequent. At first you consider it might just be a **deer** or some similar harmless wildlife, but just the thought of something hostile ambushing your camp makes the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. Part of you wants to investigate the source of the sounds more closely, but you find yourself frozen with fear at whatever might be lurking in the darkness.

Eventually you manage to shift your body slightly and get a better look into the forest, and you feel your stomach drop based on what you see. To your horror, several yards into the forest you spot the silhouette of some kind of **hulking behemoth** very slowly creeping its way towards your camp. While it’s too distant to make out any details, the figure appears vaguely humanoid with enormous, bulging **muscles** and easily stands at least 10 feet tall. Its arms also seem to be unnaturally long, forcing it to stand in a hunched, knuckle-dragging posture not unlike that of a **gorilla**. You have no idea what this creature is, but you know it can’t be good.

---

You are currently camping out along the road, and the nearest town is miles away. Your **allies** are asleep, and a mysterious **hulking behemoth** is slowly creeping towards your camp. What will you do?

[``> Wake the others and get ready for a possible fight.``](../102)

|[``< Previous page``](../100)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|