---
title: "Grab the orb of fire and use it on Hogan's acid burns."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-19T02:43:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Thinking on your feet, you quickly run towards the trail and snag **The Undertaker's orb of fire** from off the ground, then continue down the trail a short distance further. **Hulk Hogan** is hot on your tail, but your **protein-infused body** is able to narrowly keep ahead of the behemoth as you strafe back towards what remains of your camp. As you close in on the camp, you can see **The Undertaker** roll over onto his stomach and start dragging himself off the side of the trail. Passing him, you also see a scorched, but otherwise unharmed **El Disgusto** clambering out from under the burning tent.

"*Hey **Grossly**! I'm gonna need more acid!*" you shout, jumping in **El Disgusto's** direction and narrowly avoiding a sweeping punch from **Hogan**. "*Sure thing, boss!*" he responds, before immediately spraying another volley of **acidic vomit** in **Hogan's** direction. **Hogan** grinds to a halt at the sight of the **acid** flying towards him, but it's not enough to prevent him from getting sprayed right in the center of his chest. He reels back, growling in pain as the foul bile visibly boils away more of his green skin. "*Perfect!*" you shout, "*Keep it up!*"

With the **mutant** reeling from the acid, you make some distance between yourself and him and squeeze the **orb of fire** in your hand. Much like **The Undertaker** before, your hand is quickly engulfed in a swirling blaze, though surprisingly you feel very little heat off of it. You then whip your clenched fist in the direction of **Hogan's** acid-scarred body, blasting him with a fireball that sends him tumbling backwards! You continue to launch volley after volley of fireballs at the **Hulkster**, with each hit burning away more chunks of flesh from the boiling acid scars and forcing him back closer to the burning pile of fabric that was once **The Undertaker's** tent. The entire forest is echoing with **Hulk Hogan's** bellowing shouts of "*BROTHERS...! NO...! BURNS...!*” but you pay him no mind. You wind up to prepare a final flaming punch straight into his exposed torso, but before you can land the blow **The Undertaker** runs up from behind you and tackles the monster, forcing him backwards onto the blazing inferno behind him. The resulting impact from **Hogan's** enormous form extinguishes the flames, sending embers and charcoal scattering everywhere.

{{< align "center" >}}***Hulk Hogan** has been defeated!*{{</ align >}} 

You and your party take a few moments to calm down, then begin to assess what all has just unfolded over the last several minutes. The **camp** lies in ruins, your **sleeping bag** trampled and the contents of your pack scattered along the forest's edge. Before you, atop the smoldering remains of your campfire and **The Undertaker's** tent, lies the wrecked, mutant body of **Hulk Hogan**. "*Damn,*" you hear **The Undertaker** mutter, "*I liked that tent.*" 

As you further examine the carnage, you also spot a number of **bottles** that you don't recognize scattered around and under **Hogan's** body. You step closer to examine them, but as you approach the **behemoth's body** you realize that he's still breathing.

What will you do?

[``> Keep a close eye on Hogan to make sure he doesn't get back up, and cautiously try to loot his bottles.``](../105)

|[``< Previous page``](../103)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|