---
title: "Keep a close eye on Hogan to make sure he doesn't get back up, and cautiously try to loot his bottles."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-22T03:52:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You and **your team** cautiously observe **Hulk Hogan’s** unconscious form, keeping a close eye on him to ensure he doesn’t get back up. “*Do you think we should do anything with him? Tie him up, maybe?*” **The Undertaker** quietly suggests, “*Don’t you still have that bundle of rope you were wearing earlier?*” “*Good call,*” you respond, “*It should be with **my stuff** somewhere.*” You run over to your **trampled sleeping bag** and begin scrounging through the scattered supplies that spilled from your bag, and after a quick search you manage to locate the **sweaty bundle of rope** that until earlier today had been swaddling your **nether regions** for the better part of three days. Trying to forget the places it’s been, you and your friends uncoil the **rope** and spend several minutes binding **Hogan’s** limbs to the best of your ability. 

Satisfied that **Hogan** is both out cold and secured, you decide to check out the strange **bottles** he was apparently carrying with him. You’re initially frustrated to find that most of the bottles have either been crushed under **Hogan’s** immense weight or melted by the fire he collapsed onto, leaving no identifying marks or traces of what they may have contained. However, after some thorough searching you finally manage to find a single intact **bottle** that had apparently been thrown from the fray into a bush near the edge of the trail. Upon retrieving the **bottle** you notice it’s still partially filled, and you immediately recognize the **viscous green fluid** inside: **Tunnel drink**. “*Hey guys, I found something that might be important.*” you call out to your party.

**The Undertaker** is the first to approach. “*Gross, what’s that **green crap** in the bottle?*” he questions, before being interrupted by **El Disgusto**. “*Whoa, watch out with that stuff **Senor Taker**. That looks like the stuff that got us all mixed up in the first place.*” **The Undertaker** takes the **bottle** from your hand, looks it over thoroughly, then uncorks the **bottle** and smells the contents. He then takes a moment to think to himself before finally speaking again. “*So you’re telling me this junk is the stuff you guys drank that dumped one of you nude on my front porch and sent the other all the way to **Savagegrad**?*” “*That’s right,*” you and **El Disgusto** reply in unison. “*Well, I don’t have half a clue what the hell this stuff is, but I can tell you for damn sure that it’s made with the same **reagents** I caught that **ape** stealing from me way back when.*” **The Undertaker** corks the **bottle** again and hands it back to you. “*And I wouldn’t go drinking any more of it if I were you. Judging by how it looks, I think it might be responsible for turning the **Hulkster** here into the monster we just dealt with.*”

You look down at the **bottle** in your hand, then over to the **swollen green body** lying unconscious on the other side of the road. Could that be true? If so, then why did the **tunnel drink** only teleport you, but mutated **Hulk Hogan**? Could you or your other friends be in danger of turning into monsters too? Your mind is filled with too many questions and not enough answers. “*Hey uh, guys?*” You hear **El Disgusto** begin, snapping you back to reality, “*I don’t know about you muchachos, but I don’t think I’ll be getting much more shuteye tonight. How about we keep going to **Wrestler’s Rest** after all?*” **The Undertaker** nods and looks in your direction. “*I’m good to go if you are. What’s the plan **Greg**?*”

---

You’re currently on the outskirts of the **Wrestlemanian Highlands**, standing in the remains of your camp. **Hulk Hogan** lies unconscious and bound in the center of camp, and your **pack of supplies** has been damaged and scattered across the trailside. What will you do?

[``> Gather up what supplies we can find and resume our journey.``](../106)

|[``< Previous page``](../104)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|