---
title: "Gather up what supplies we can find and resume our journey."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-26T06:55:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*Alright, let's pack up what we can and we’ll head out.*” you say to **your team** as you make your way back over to the remains of your sleeping spot. After a few minutes of scrounging, you’re able to recover one **tub of protein powder**, one **can of corn**, your **multitool** and your **coin pouch**, all mostly unharmed. You also find your **first aid kit** crushed and its contents scattered, but are able to salvage a **roll of gauze** and a **healing poultice** from what remains. Unfortunately, your **sleeping bag**, **canteen**, and the rest of your remaining **food** are either ruined or missing. You stuff the salvaged camp supplies back into your **pack** along with the partial **bottle of tunnel drink**. Looking around to your companions, you see **El Disgusto** has been busy stuffing fistfuls of **moss**, **mud** and **ash** into his **old pouch**, while **The Undertaker** has retrieved his **orb of fire** and is now tucking some scraps from his burnt tent into his coat pocket.

“*Alright, everybody ready?*” you ask your friends. **The Undertaker** nods and joins you by your side, and **El Disgusto** hops to his feet with nothing more than a “*Yup!*” and runs to join him. The three of you begin along the trail again, but after only a moment **The Undertaker** suddenly stops. “*Oh wait,*” he starts, “*Nearly forgot the other orb.*” He then snaps his fingers, and suddenly the **bright light** illuminating the trail fades and the **orb of light** falls to the ground next to you. **The Undertaker** grabs the **orb** and returns it to his coat pocket, and the three of you finally head off down the trail.

You and **your companions** trek through the night, walking quickly and quietly so as to hopefully avoid any further interruptions. Following the road southwest, you gradually leave the rugged, hilly terrain of the **Wrestlemanian Highlands** behind you and eventually find yourself in the more familiar plains of central **Wrestlemania**. Several hours pass, and eventually by early morning you spot what appears to be a large settlement straddling the road ahead. After what feels like hours of silence, **The Undertaker** finally speaks up again. “***Wrestler’s Rest**, coming up.*”

Will you stop in **Wrestler’s Rest** to look for **The Rock** like **The Undertaker** suggested, or continue on towards **Hollow Hold** as you originally planned?

[``> Head to Wrestler's Rest and try to find the site The Rock was meditating in.``](../107)

|[``< Previous page``](../105)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|