---
title: "Head to Wrestler's Rest and try to find the site The Rock was meditating in."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-11T23:13:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Not one to waste an opportunity, you decide it's probably best to stop in **Wrestler’s Rest** and look for **The Rock*. 

The sun just begins to rise up over the horizon as you approach **Wrestler’s Rest**, and in the early morning light you’re able to make out more details of the town. While it appeared huge and sprawling from a distance, as you get closer you realize the actual settlement is fairly small. In fact, this looks like less of a town and more a sort of large convent or monastery, with a large, gothic-style **temple** of sorts in the center of the settlement and a number of smaller dorm-style buildings radiating out from it. The majority of the structures you saw when you first got sight of the town are actually hundreds of tombs, monuments and gravestones extending away from the abbey as far as the eye can see. “*Whoa, what’s with all the graves?*” you ask your companions.

“*That’s the **Eternal Arena**, **Gregory**.*” **The Undertaker** replies in a somber tone, “*It’s **Wrestlemania’s** central necropolis. All the **wrestling dead** are buried there, where their final resting place can be watched over and tended to by the **Order of the Resting Wrestlers**. It’s also where the **monks of the Order** perform the traditional resurrection rituals, where the true heroes of **Wrestlemania** are brought back as **immortal spirits**.*” **El Disgusto** suddenly interrupts, “*Yeah man, all the big-name wrestlers are buried here! I come here every once in a while to visit my grandpapi, the great **Mucho Stinko**! I dunno why the monks never responded to my petition to raise his ghost though.*” You think you have an idea of why, but keep your mouth shut. Best to respect the dead.

Once you finally enter **Wrestler’s Rest** proper, you’re immediately struck by the dark and oppressive atmosphere of the town itself. The entire area is enveloped in a **dense fog**, and the dark stone buildings feel as if they are bearing down on you from all sides. The entire settlement is also eerily silent, and unlike many of the previous towns you’ve visited on your quest there’s very little in the way of local foot traffic. The few locals you do spot remain silent, with their heads bowed and their faces almost fully obscured by thick, brown hoods. Having become used to the lively and eccentric atmosphere of the rest of **Wrestlemania**, you can’t help but feel uncomfortable here. Hopefully you won’t have to stay long.

Navigating the town is challenging, even in spite of the **fog**; all the buildings look identical and there is very little in the way of signage to indicate where you or anything else is. The few locals you encounter are no help either, no matter what you or **your party** does they all simply keep waking with their heads down. Frustratingly, you get the impression this town isn't exactly a tourist hotspot. Just as you're considering your next move, a familiar shout shatters the silence as it echoes through the streets…

“*CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE ROCK IS COOKING!?*”

**The Undertaker** and **El Disgusto** are both startled by the call. “*Whoa, who was that?*” **El Disgusto** asks, as oblivious as ever. **The Undertaker** slaps his forehead in response, and you let out an exasperated sigh. **The Rock's** familiar catchphrase seems distant yet all-encompassing, but you think it was coming from towards the center of town. Ignoring **El Disgusto’s** unfailing ignorance, you lead your team forwards to the town center. 

Arriving near the central **cathedral**, right away you notice a massive crowd of people, all lined up single-file in front of the **cathedral** itself. The line appears to snake all through the town center and down a side street, with a number of the local **monks** keeping watch over the area. The individuals in line don't appear to be locals, but rather men, women and children of all ages, all dressed in rags and tattered clothing with exhausted looks on their faces. Something seems amiss here, but you’re not sure what.

What will you do? 

[``> Make my way to the center of the crowd to see what the excitement is.``](../108)

|[``< Previous page``](../106)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|