---
title: "Tell the monk that we are friends with The Rock and have urgent business with him."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-14T17:14:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*That outsider you mentioned, would that be **The Rock**? He’s actually a friend of ours, we got separated and we’ve been spending the last few days looking for him.*” There’s a moment of awkward silence before the **monk** responds. “***The Rock** is our charitable guest, yes. If you truly have business with him you may access the **temple kitchen** by the side entrance. If that is all, I must continue my watch.*” Before you can respond, the **monk** disappears into the crowd. You pause to think for a moment, unsure if you should trust such an odd individual; you don’t know if this **order of monks** may have been compromised by **Bubungo’s** forces. To your surprise, **The Undertaker** must have caught onto your uncertainty and speaks up before you can say anything. “*Look kid, I get that you might have doubts about trusting some kinda cult living in a **haunted monastery**, but the **Order of Resting Wrestlers** is legit. I studied under these **monks** back when I first left the scene, they’re plenty weird but they’re good people.*”

“*You’re sure there’s no chance they’re secretly working with **Bubungo** now? We’ve run into a lot of unexpected enemies on this quest.*” you ask, but **The Undertaker** shakes his head in disapproval as he responds. “*The **order’s** a neutral party, they’ve never taken sides in any conflict and I doubt they ever will. Now come on, if you’re still that unsure I’ll take the lead. I think I even remember the **side entrance** that guy was talking about.*” Trusting **The Undertaker’s** guidance, you and your party make your way out of the crowded courtyard and down an adjacent alley. About halfway down the length of the building you come upon a plain wooden door leading inside the temple, propped open with a **loose brick**. “*I knew it, this is the place.*” **The Undertaker** mutters, “*Be respectful fellas, this is a place of worship.*” He then pulls the door open and ushers you and **El Disgusto** inside.

As you enter the **temple**, right away you’re hit by the familiar aroma of **The Rock’s perpetual stew**. As expected you find yourself in a large, crowded **kitchen**, and all around you are dozens of **monks** rushing around carrying food, bowls, trays and cutlery around the **kitchen** and out into what must be the **main hall**. You push your way through the crowd of **monks**, and at the back of the room you finally spot **The Rock** himself, intently stirring a large **cauldron of soup**. As your party approaches your old friend, you call out to grab his attention; "*Hey, need an extra set of hands? I've got three right here!*"

**The Rock** looks up from his cauldron in confusion, and his eyes go wide as soon as he spots your face. “***Gregory**! I was beginning to think I’d never see you again!*” **The Rock** glances over at the rest of your party, grimacing slightly at the sight of **El Disgusto** then appearing even more surprised upon recognizing **The Undertaker**. “*And **The Undertaker** too, that’s an even more unexpected surprise. How did you manage to convince this old hermit to tag along with you?*” **The Undertaker** chuckles at the question, then steps forward and clasps **The Rock’s** hand. “*You’re one to talk, mister forest recluse. Just seemed like the right time to get back into action, I’m sure you can guess why.*” **The Rock** then responds with a soft chuckle of his own. “*Of course, I wish we could have had this reunion under better circumstances, but it’s good to see you all the same.*”

**The Undertaker** steps back again, and **The Rock** returns his focus to you. “*Now then **Gregory**, while it is wonderful that we’ve been reunited, I’m afraid I must return to my **soup**. I’m sure you’ve seen the line of **refugees** outside waiting for their chance to get a warm meal, so unfortunately I cannot just up and leave right now. If you’d like to help serve the people in line I’m sure the **monks** would be happy to accept your assistance, but if you have any other business in **Wrestler’s Rest** then we can also meet in the inner sanctum later.*”

Will you assist **The Rock** and the **monks**, or leave the temple and return later?

[``> Help The Rock hand out soup, then catch him up on our escapades after.``](../110)

|[``< Previous page``](../108)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|