---
title: "Help The Rock hand out soup, then catch him up on our escapades after."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-20T14:39:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*We don’t have anything else going on in town, so we could help hand out the food for a bit. That work for you guys?*” You look to your two companions, who nod in affirmation. **The Rock** looks pleased with your response. “*Very good, I’m sure the **monks** will be pleased to have the help. All you should need to do is carry **bowls of soup** out to the **refugees**, then return the **empty bowls** back to the **kitchen**.*” Sounds simple enough.

You, **The Undertaker** and **El Disgusto** each grab a **tray** and a few **bowls of soup**, but before you can start heading into the **main hall** **The Rock** calls out once more. “*Actually, **El Disgusto**, maybe you’d be better off hanging back here in the **kitchen**. I’m sure **Gregory** and **The Undertaker** can handle the **soup**, how about you help out with cleaning the **dishes**? Put that **garbagemancy** of yours to good use.*” **El Disgusto** looks slightly dejected as he puts down the **tray of soup**, but perks up once he sees the stack of **filthy bowls** piling up by the sink.

With your roles squared away, you and your allies get started with assisting the **monks**, and it doesn't take long for you to start getting into a groove. You and **The Undertaker** each grab a **tray** with two **bowls of soup** on them, carry them out to the **main hall** of the temple and pass the **bowls** to the **hungry refugees** waiting in line. You then retrieve a stack of **used bowls** and return them to the **kitchen** to **El Disgusto**, who uses his **garbagemancy** to instantly whisk the **bowls** clean. You continue this process for what feels like hours, and as you work the line of **refugees** gradually thins out. Eventually you hear the **temple bells** ring out 12 times, which you assume indicates noon, and not long after you finally run out of people to feed. Satisfied with your good deed, you, **The Undertaker** and **El Disgusto** finally meet up with **The Rock** in the now empty **inner sanctum**. 

“*Thank you all for the help, now I believe we have much to discuss.*” **The Rock** looks to you first, with a slightly puzzled look on his face. “*First I must ask, how did you find me so quickly? When I awoke after drinking the **tunnel drink** and saw I was alone, I thought for sure it would be ages before we could find one another again. Yet here you are, with **El Disgusto** in tow no less.*”

“*I actually have **The Undertaker** to thank for that, somehow the **tunnel drink** dumped me on his doorstep. He helped me perform a **scrying ritual** and that gave me a lead on you and the others. We were actually heading to **Hollow Hold** to look for **Macho Man** when **The Undertaker** pointed out that the **graveyard** we saw you in during the ritual was probably here in **Wrestler's Rest**.*”

**The Rock** looks to **The Undertaker** with a cautious smile on his face. “*Ahh, it figures **The Undertaker** would be able to help you with such a ritual, you must have seen me during my **morning communion** with the **monks**. Normally I would object to being spied on without my knowledge, but under the circumstances I don't think I can complain.*” **The Undertaker** looks pleased with himself, but you're immediately curious about this communion. “*Hang on, what was it you were doing with the **monks**?*” You ask **The Rock**. 

“*The **monks** and I have been performing a **morning communion** in **The Eternal Arena** each day since I arrived here. We have been attempting to channel the **spirits** for leads on **Cena** and **Bubungo**, but so far we have had little progress. It's almost as if we've been encountering some kind of **psychic interference**, blocking the spirits from communicating.*” At first you think how bizarre this seems, but then you remember your ritual also had some interference. “*Actually, something similar happened while I was scrying. I tried to spy on **Bubungo**, but all I saw was a vision of **Vince**. It was weird too, almost like he knew I was scrying on him.*” **The Rock** looks concerned by this development. 

“***Vince**? This is unfortunate news you bring me, but I wish I could say I was surprised. After I arrived here I explained to the **monks** where I had come from, and they also indicated I should be wary of **Vince**. Apparently the circumstances of his death and their inability to raise his spirit were more suspicious than I had known, and his recent revival has caused quite a stir. Perhaps we were too quick in our choice to side with him…*” Well this is an unexpected development, what in the world is going on? A cold silence washes over your party. 

You, **The Undertaker**, **El Disgusto** and **The Rock** remain seated in the main hall of the **Wrestler's Rest temple**. Is there anything else you would like to say to break the silence?

[``> Start ranting about Dragon's Hollow again to break the silence.``](../111)

|[``< Previous page``](../109)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|