---
title: "Start ranting about Dragon's Hollow again to break the silence."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-20T15:05:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

The silence is deafening, and dozens of questions are now swirling in your mind. Desperate to break the silence and process the ever building mountain of confusion this quest is creating, you suddenly blurt out the first thing that comes to mind. 

“*Okay sure, things are messed up right now, but can we talk about **Dragon's Hollow** for a second? I mean, what's the deal with that? This is the wackiest, most screwed up country I've ever even heard of! You've got a **tribal compound full of clones**, **floating cloud cities**, a **treetop town** full of **sumo wrestlers**, some kind of **seaside Flintstones village**, a **Nordic town** obsessed with **rats**, even some kind of **haunted monastery**… why the hell would you waste an awesome name like **Dragon's Hollow** on some **dinky-ass fishing village**!? It doesn't make sense! Or maybe it makes too much sense, because nothing in this **stupid country** makes sense! Does anyone else see this? Am I the only **normal human being** in this place!?*”

Breathing heavily, you look around at **your party**. **The Undertaker**, **The Rock** and **El Disgusto** are all looking back at you with mixed looks of concern, confusion and fear. “*Uh, you alright there **Gregory**?*” **The Undertaker** asks cautiously. You manage to control your breathing slightly before responding. “*Uh, sorry. It’s been a tough week…*”

Well, with that outburst out of the way… is there anything else you want to say to the group? 

[``> Tell The Rock about the mutant transformation tunnel drink caused for Hogan, then ask if everyone is ready to leave and track down Macho Man.``](../112)

|[``< Previous page``](../110)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|