---
title: "Tell The Rock about the mutant transformation tunnel drink caused for Hogan, then ask if everyone is ready to leave and track down Macho Man."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-21T17:07:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Now that you’ve finally managed to vent some of your pent-up frustration, you remember a detail of your recent journey that you had almost forgotten to inform **The Rock** about. “*Oh yeah, while we were hiking down the road out of **Savagegrad** we ran into **Hulk Hogan** again, except somehow he got turned into an **enormous green monster**!*” “*Wait, what?*” **The Rock** begins without a beat, clearly blindsided by your sudden revelation, “***Hulk Hogan** turned into a monster? Are you sure?*”

“*Positive! His skin was green, his muscles were swollen, and he was standing at like 10 feet tall! I didn’t even realize it was him at first until I heard his voice and got a good look at his face. He was apparently stalking our camp and smashed up a bunch of our stuff, the three of us were barely able to beat him! Luckily we managed to knock him out thanks to **El Disgusto’s** acid attacks, then we just tied him up and left him on the road north of here.*” **The Rock** looks more and more disturbed the more details you provide. After a brief pause he responds, clearly shaken. “*Unbelievable, do you have any idea what could have caused such a transformation?*”

Suddenly **The Undertaker** shoves his hand into your pack, pulls out the partial **bottle of tunnel drink**, and holds it up to **The Rock**. “*My thoughts are it was probably this stuff, **Hogan** was carrying a ton of it with him. Look familiar?*” **The Rock** takes the **bottle** and looks it over. “*More **tunnel drink**? If that’s the case then I’m glad we didn’t turn into monsters too. Hopefully none of our other allies have been affected in such a way. We’d best be careful not to drink any more.*” **The Rock** then cautiously hands the **bottle** back to you, and you shove it back into your pack.

With everything seemingly squared away, you jump up from your seat to address your group. “*Speaking of our allies, we should probably think about heading out soon so we can find everyone else. Any objections?*” “*Sounds good to me!*” **El Disgusto** shouts as he hops to his feet. “*I’m ready when you are.*” **The Undertaker** adds as he stands up too. You look over to **The Rock** expectantly, and he returns your gaze with a smile and a nod. “*How could I ever say no? We have a job to do, and friends to find.*” With that, he stands up by your side as well.

{{< align "center">}}*The Rock has re-joined your party!*{{</ align >}}

“*That said, would you mind if we make a brief detour first? I’d like to introduce you to the head of the **Order of the Resting Wrestlers**, if you don’t mind.*” Interesting suggestion, you’ve never met the head of a **cult** before.

Will you follow **The Rock** to meet the **head of the order**, or insist on continuing to **Hollow Hold**?

[``> Go with The Rock to meet the head of the order.``](../113)

|[``< Previous page``](../111)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|