---
title: "Go with The Rock to meet the head of the order."
type: "single"
date: 2024-05-22T22:54:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Sure, I'll come with you to meet this **elder**. Where to?*" **The Rock** looks pleased by your response. "*Very good, this shouldn't take long. **Elder Roderick** should still be meditating in the **Eternal Arena**, I'll lead the way.*" With that, **The Rock** leads you and the rest of the party out of the **temple**.

You're led west down the main road through **Wrestler's Rest**, and after only a few minutes the rows of dormitories have given way to a sea of **headstones** and **crypts** cloaked in a low fog. You continue to walk for several minutes as **The Rock** leads your crew deeper into the **necropolis**, before finally stopping at the base of a tall stone platform with a set of steps ascending up one side. You notice this looks very similar to where you saw **The Rock** meditating in your vision. **The Rock** begins leading you up the steps, while **El Disgusto** and **The Undertaker** wait at the base. "*This meeting's for you, we'll keep watch. And don't worry too much, the **elder's** pretty chill.*" **The Undertaker** says as you follow **The Rock** up the steps.

At the top of the platform you see a **cloaked figure** sitting with his back to you. He's dressed similarly to the other monks you've seen, except his robe and hood are trimmed with a **golden stripe**. **The Rock** approaches the figure, saying "***Elder Roderick**, I return. I'd like to introduce you to **Gregory**.*" The figure stands up to face you and lowers his hood, revealing the ghostly face of a **middle-aged man** with **light brown hair**.

"*Ahh, there he is, Good to finally meet you **Gregory**! I keep trying to tell **The Rock** here that I'm not really one for formalities, so don't worry about that '***Elder Roderick***' crap. You can call me **Roddy**, or **'*Rowdy*' Roddy** if you're a fan, though my rowdy days are long behind me now.*" "***Roddy***" extends a hand, which you reciprocate for a handshake. "*Now then, **Rocky** here tells me you and your little squad are trying to put a stop to **John Cena** and all those other crazies trying to take over **Wrestlemania**, is that right?*" "*That's right, we...*" you begin to reply, only for **Roddy** to immediately cut you off. "*Great! My order here doesn't usually like to take sides, but we'll offer any support we can if it means restoring peace to **Wrestlemania**. Just be careful of who you trust, particularly people in high places. Catch my drift?*" "*I think so, I...*" you start, but you're quickly cut off again by a hearty laugh from the elder. 

"*Haha, atta boy! Take good care of this one **Dwayne**, he's got a good head on his shoulders. Now then, I need to get back to my meditation. But don't you worry, when things start heating up, the **Order of the Resting Wrestlers** will be there.*" With that, **Elder Roddy** turns away and returns to his meditation. Quite the conversationalist. **The Rock** leads you back down to the base of the platform to rejoin your group.

---

You're in **The Eternal Arena**, somewhere near central **Wrestlemania**. You've managed to reunite with **El Disgusto** and **The Rock**, and have leads on **Macho Man**, **The Ultimate Warrior** and **Mankind**. In your pack you're carrying a **tub of whey**, a **roll of gauze**, a **healing poultice**, and a **multitool**. Will you continue on to **Hollow Hold** as planned, or head off on some other wacky adventure?

[``> Encourage my party members to join me in a rousing wrestling wartime song as we make our way onwards to Hollow Hold.``](../114)

|[``< Previous page``](../112)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|