---
title: "Continue on to Hollow Hold."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-04T01:07:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Having spent the better part of a day with the **BBQ Pit Druids**, you decide you should finally make your way to **Hollow Hold**. You lead your party forward down the south road, and soon enough you can see the familiar towers of the school poking out from the trees against the moonlight. 

While you’re partly relieved to finally be back in familiar territory, it doesn’t take long before you begin to see the unfortunate aftermath of your previous visit to **Hollow Hold**. As you approach the school it becomes impossible to miss the damage done by **Hogan’s Hooligans**. Large swathes of the forest have been completely burned, leaving behind nothing but jagged grey stumps and black grass.  You and your party slow your sprint to a casual walk as you come upon the school walls, which even in the dim moonlight you can see are still heavily damaged and scarred by burn marks. You finally come to a stop in front of the main gates.

“*What a sad sight.*” **The Rock** says somberly. “*The premier wrestling academy in **Wrestlemania**, left in such a pitiful state.*” **The Undertaker** places a hand on **The Rock’s** shoulder before offering a few words. “*Yeah, sucks to see. I almost accepted a teaching position here back in the day, maybe if I took the offer I coulda stopped those **Hooligans** before they did all this.*” He then pats **The Rock** on the back, then turns his attention to you. “*Well, what’s the play? We gonna just knock on the **door** or what?*” “*We could also, you know, set up camp for the night?*” **El Disgusto** chimes in, much to **The Undertaker’s** ire.

Will you knock on the **doors**, or set up camp outside the school walls and wait until morning?

[``> Knock on the door.``](../122)

|[``< Previous page``](../120)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|