---
title: "Wait a few minutes for a response, then start setting up a camp."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-09T23:27:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You give the **door** one final knock and wait a couple minutes for any sign of response, but you’re still left hanging. Satisfied that you’ve done everything you can and there’s obviously no **other gates** or **secret tunnels** leading into the **school** that you already know about and have used before, you decide to concede to **El Disgusto’s** whining and set up camp for the night.

**The Undertaker** produces two sleeping pads from his **bottomless pit of a coat pocket** and rolls them out for you and himself, while **El Disgusto** prepares his usual nest of **moss and dirt** and **The Rock** perches on a nearby **burnt stump** to meditate. You all collectively decide to skip on lighting a campfire, given the current state of the surrounding forest, and instead all head right to sleep.

You manage to sleep soundly for a few hours, only to be startled awake shortly after sunrise by something repeatedly jabbing you in the gut. You roll over and open your eyes to discover a **young man** poking you with a stick. “*Ugh, do you mind?*” you mumble groggily as you swat away his stick. The **young man**, apparently startled by your behavior, runs off towards the **school** without a word. As he runs you notice the gates to the school are now open, and there are two **helmeted individuals** standing near it and glancing in the direction of your **makeshift camp**.

What will you do?

[``> Approach the gates and introduce my party.``](../124)

|[``< Previous page``](../122)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|