---
title: "Approach the gates and introduce my party."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-12T16:44:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Peering around your **makeshift camp** in the early morning light you notice your **allies** have all begun to stir as well. Guess you won’t be getting any more shuteye. Looking back over to the **gate guards**, from their glances and uneasy body language you get the impression they’re not super thrilled to have a group of strangers camping right next to the gates. As the rest of your party begins to wake up and get ready for the day, you decide to make your way over to the gate and hopefully diffuse any tension with the **guards**.

As you approach the gateway the **two guards** move to block the path. “*Halt, what business do you have camping outside the walls at a time like this?*” one of the **guards** asks you. “*Yeah, sorry about that. We’ve been looking for one of our missing friends and got a tip that he might be helping out here at **Hollow Hold**. We arrived here late last night and the doors were all sealed, so we decided to just camp out until morning.*” The **guards** give a suspicious glance to one another, seems they might have doubts about your story. “*Well if that’s the case, may we ask who you all are and who it is you’re looking for?*” the **second guard** asks.

You glance back towards your party for a moment, gesturing for your friends to join you once they’re ready before responding to the guard. “*Of course, I’m **Gregory**. Back there packing up our camp are my friends **The Rock**, **El Disgusto** and **The Undertaker**. We’re here looking for **Macho Man**, we were traveling with him before we got split up. I recently got a tip that he might be here helping rebuild the **school** after the attack by **Hogan’s Hooligans**.*” The two **guards** look at one another and almost look ready to laugh in your face for suggesting you’re acquainted with the **wrestlers** you’ve named, only to become dumbstruck as **El Disgusto**, **The Rock** and **The Undertaker** actually walk up behind you. “*H… hang on, you’re actually **Gregory**? Like, the guy who saved **Hollow Hold** from the **Hooligans**, that **Gregory**?*” the **first guard** stammers, before being interrupted by the second. “*Yeah, **Macho Man’s** here. He’s been telling us all about you guys! We were just expecting someone, you know, taller…*”

**The Undertaker** approaches the guards, who begin trembling as he gets very up close and personal with them. “*Well fellas, now that you know it’s really us, may we come in and take a look around for our friend?*” “*Yes sir! Sorry sir!*” both **guards** shout in unison as they step out of the way, giving you access to **Hollow Hold’s** **main courtyard**. **The Undertaker** chuckles to himself as you all make your way into the **courtyard**.

Looking around the **courtyard**, you see dozens of **wrestlers** and young **wrestlers-in-training** dashing about, some carrying **books** and other educational supplies while others are carrying wood, stone bricks and various tools between the **school’s towers**, which are all in varying states of disrepair. There’s so much hustle and bustle around the **school** that you’re almost unsure of where to start.

---

You’re in the **main courtyard** of **Hollow Hold**, surrounded by **students**, **faculty** and **damaged buildings** in the process of being repaired. So far, you’ve seen no sign of **Macho Man**. Because the **author** is **stupid** and **forgetful**, the last few of these “*You Are Here*” footers have forgotten to mention at least one item; so as a reminder you are carrying a **multitool**, some **gauze**, a **healing poultice**, a **partial bottle of tunnel drink**, one **tub of whey**, a **can of creamed corn**, and a **money pouch** containing 2340 **coins**, and have been equipped with the {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">Holy BBQ Shoes</em>{{</ rawhtml >}}.

What will you do?

[``> Ask around about Macho Man's whereabouts.``](../125)

|[``< Previous page``](../123)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|