---
title: "Ask around about Macho Man's whereabouts."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-15T22:45:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

With no specific leads on **Macho Man's** location, you decide to try and ask the resident **teachers** and **students** if they've seen any sign of him. You and your crew begin wandering around the **courtyard** attempting to flag down some of the people you see walking by, but most either brush you off in a rush or simply ignore you entirely. "*Man, this sucks. You'd think these **ungrateful kids** would be a bit more enthused to talk with some of some of **Wrestlemania's** biggest legends...*" **The Undertaker** whines, his ego clearly bruised.

You end up walking through **Hollow Hold's courtyard** for close to an hour, cutting through the crowds of **students** and **faculty** as you march from building to building. In spite of your persistence, you feel no closer to finding your missing companion than you did when you first arrived. Having had no luck for the last hour, you decide to pull your allies aside to a small space out of the way of most foot traffic in front of a heavily damaged building. However, just as you're about to start discussing a new plan, you suddenly hear a very gruff voice shout "*There he is!*" from within the wrecked building. Before you can even react an enormous force suddenly collides with you, and you feel yourself being spun around, lifted in the air and squeezed intensely. You're about ready to try and scream and wrestle yourself free, before quickly realizing that you've been embraced by none other than **Macho Man Randy Savage** himself.

"*Oh man, **Gregory**! Yeah, I knew you'd **rise to the top** and find me again, but I didn't think it'd be this soon! What's it been, like a week since **HQ**? And you even brought along some of our buddies! Ol' **Grossly**, **The Rock**, and you even found **The Undertaker**? Man, you've been busy!" While you're relieved and thrilled to be reunited with **Macho Man**, from within his ghostly grasp you're only able to squeak out "*Can't... breathe...*" in response.

"*Oh yeah, uh, sorry.*" **Macho Man** says as he drops you back to the ground. "*I'm just glad to finally see you again! Man, you gotta tell me what you've all been up to since **HQ**!*"

What will you say to **Macho Man**?

[``> Tell Macho Man about my misadventures since Loincloth, the Hulk encounter, my newfound musical prowess, and meating with the BBQ Pit Druids.``](../126)

|[``< Previous page``](../124)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|