---
title: "Crack open a fresh cream packet and listen to Macho Man recount his experiences."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-19T01:52:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*I think you get the gist of what we’ve been doing. So what happened to you after you drank the **Tunnel Drink** back in **HQ**?*” you ask **Macho Man** as you reach for another **cream packet**. He smiles as you once again pull the **cream** back like a shot.

“*Well I tell ya, I was not a happy camper. One moment I was up in **Wrestlympus** with you and the boys, the next I’m dumped somewhere in the woods with no clothes on. But anyways there I was, **unjustifiably in a position I’d rather not be in**. Took me ages but eventually I managed to find my way out of the forest, and that’s when I realized I was near **Hollow Hold**. Figured I’d head this way and see if the **kids** here could help me. Thankfully they were nice enough to give me some clothes and a room to sleep in, so I figured I’d stick around for a bit and help rebuild as thanks for their hospitality.*” Interesting, seems like even as a ghost **Macho Man** still lost everything. Curious that your **watch** was the only thing to stay with you after the **Tunnel Drink**. 

“*Has anything of note happened in the time you’ve been here?*” **The Rock** asks. “*Not too much, mostly just building and classes. I have been chatting up the **staff** and **students** a bit though, managed to learn a bit about the attack. Turns out there was a bit more going on than we knew.*” You and your allies lean in towards **Macho Man**, curious to learn more. “*Yeah, you know how we found **The Ultimate Warrior** locked up in the **dungeon** acting all crazy, but then he just let himself out easy-peasy? Turns out that **cage** of his was supposed to be **warded**. I guess he came here to get locked up voluntarily hoping they could cure that **destrucity** crap he’s got going on. Then **Hulk Hogan** showed up and tried to get the **dean** to turn the **Warrior** over to him, and when they refused he set his **Hooligans** on the school. I guess we showed up in time to stop their assault, but not soon enough to keep them from breaking the wards and distracting the folks who were treating **The Ultimate Warrior**.*”

Bizarre, what could **Hulk Hogan** have wanted with **The Ultimate Warrior**? Did **Cena** or **Bubungo** want him for something? In spite of everything you’ve learned from the allies you’ve reunited with so far, you still can’t quite wrap your head around how these puzzle pieces all fit together.

Is there anything else you wish to discuss with **Macho Man**?

[``> Ask if Macho Man has ever heard of Dragon's Hollow.``](../128)

|[``< Previous page``](../126)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|