---
title: "Ask if Macho Man has ever heard of Dragon's Hollow."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-21T15:13:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Sitting with **Macho Man** again for the first time in days, you suddenly remember a very important question you had meant to bring up. “*Oh yeah, **Macho Man**, have you ever heard of **Dragon’s Hollow**?*” **Macho Man** looks at you quizzically as the rest of your crew collectively groans and buries their faces in their hands. “*Uh, yeah? Why?*” **Macho Man** replies, clearly baffled by the question and the reactions from everyone else. You ignore your annoyed allies to continue your rant. “*What’s the deal with that place? Everywhere else in **Wrestlemania** with a whacky name is usually themed to match, but everyone I’ve spoken to has said **Dragon’s Hollow** is just a boring fishing village! What’s the deal, why use such a cool name for something so boring?*”

**Macho Man** scratches his beard for a moment with a baffled look on his face before finally responding. “*Uh, I’m pretty sure it used to just be called **Fisher’s Hollow**, but **Vince** had it renamed after a wrestler who grew up there did really well in the **pro scene**. He went by the stage name ‘**El Dragonne**’, so the town became **Dragon’s Hollow**.*” Oh, well that makes sense. “*Just what the hell does this have to do with anything anyways?*” **Macho Man** continues, clearly still confused and slightly frustrated.

“*Sorry uh, I just happened to pass by the town a while back and got curious.*” you reply as you lean back in your seat. You hear the rest of your crew sigh again in response.

With that out of the way, is there anything else you wish to discuss?

[``> Suggest we head out to find The Ultimate Warrior.``](../129)

|[``< Previous page``](../127)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|