---
title: "Suggest we head out to find The Ultimate Warrior."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-27T23:31:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Feeling the annoyed glares from your allies baring down on you, you decide it's probably a good time to rally the troops and head out to find **The Ultimate Warrior**. "*Well I think I've said everything on my mind, are we all good to head out?*" You ask your allies as you stand up from the table.

The rest of your party begin standing up as well except for **The Rock** who remains seated, apparently deep in thought. After a moment he leans in towards you with an uncomfortable look on his face. "*While I agree we should prioritize reuniting with our remaining allies, I believe we should consider our options and form a plan before we depart. If what you experienced in your vision is correct, **The Ultimate Warrior** is likely off his **meds** and has returned to his **natural, feral state**. He will be a danger to himself and anyone around him, and will be of little use to us unless we can locate more **anti-destrucives**. Additionally, you indicated that he has somehow been taken captive by the **people of my tribe**. As you know I have been exiled, and **Macho Man** is also not in their good graces.*" **The Rock** glances at **Macho Man**, who raises an eyebrow in response. "*That is if you intend to accompany us, of course.*"

**Macho Man** chuckles and pats **The Rock** on the shoulder before responding. "*Man, what kinda question is that? Of course I'm coming along, we gotta see this thing through to the end! Besides, I love this **school** but I've had enough babysitting for one **afterlife**, the **kids** here are more than capable of finishing up the restoration without me.*"

{{< align "center" >}}
*Excellent, **Macho Man** has re-joined your party!*
{{</ align >}}

"*Now then, on the subject of the **Warrior**. I don't know what we can do to get in the good graces of **your tribe**, but I do know where we can find some **meds** for him when we do. How's that sound, **Gregory**, you up to meet **Hollow Hold's alchemy instructor**?*"

Will you go along with **Macho Man's** plan, or try to think of some other way to rescue **The Ultimate Warrior**?

[``> Accompany Macho Man and meet with the alchemy teacher.``](../130)

|[``< Previous page``](../128)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|