---
title: "Accompany Macho Man and meet with the alchemy teacher."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-28T18:57:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Well we're definitely going to need more **pills** for **The Ultimate Warrior**, so I guess we don't have a choice. Lead the way, **Macho Man**.*" **Macho Man** nods in approval as you and the rest of the team line up to follow him. "*Alright, great. Come along fellas, this shouldn't take long.*"

**Macho Man** leads you and the rest of the team out of the dorm and across the quad to another, less damaged tower. Once inside you file down a spiral staircase leading down to a basement level, which you quickly recognize as the **dungeon** in which you originally encountered **The Ultimate Warrior**. **Macho Man** leads you directly to **The Ultimate Warrior's** former cell, within which you see an **man in a cloak** facing away from you, taking notes on a **clipboard**.

"*Yo **Mik**, you got a minute? I'd like to introduce you to **Gregory**, he and I are gonna be heading out soon and we're gonna need whatever you've got that can calm down **The Ultimate Warrior**.*" Upon hearing **Macho Man's** voice the **man in the cage** stops writing and turns to face your group. You see now that this is a very old, very bald individual, who is otherwise unremarkable in appearance aside from the **odd stain-like mark** on his forehead. This "**Mik**" fellow hobbles over to **Macho Man** for a handshake before turning to address you, speaking slowly and with a noticeably thick accent.

"*Ah yes, **Gregory**. Very good. You may call me as **Mik**, it is good to make your acquaintance. I am sure the **Macho Man** has told you I am this school's **instructor of alchemy**. I have done much research on **The Ultimate Warrior**, trying to solve his reliance on the **destrucity**. So far there has been little progress, but with me I do have a bottle of our newest **anti-destrucives**. Please take it, and make it of good use.*" He begins fishing through his pockets for a moment, eventually producing an **amber bottle full of pills**. He then passes you the **bottle**, which you shove into your pack.

"*Thanks, **Mik**. Do we just get him to swallow one of these and he'll be good?*" you ask the **elderly alchemy instructor**. "*Yes, yes. One **pill** should be enough. This is fast acting, so only a few moments it should take before he calms down. If that is all you need, I will return to my research.*" With that **Mik** turns back to his **clipboard** and resumes taking notes. **Macho Man** chimes in with a "*Thanks, **Mik**!*" before leading you back out to the quad.

Upon exiting the building, **The Rock** is the first to address your group. "*Well that was less than enlightening, but at least we should be able to calm down **The Ultimate Warrior** when we find him. I'm still not sure how we'll be able to get into **my tribe's compound**, though.*" **The Rock** looks around the party, but **El Disgusto** is the only one to speak. "*Aw, c'mon man. I'm sure we'll figure something out, let's just go with the flow!*" Truly insightful commentary from **El Disgusto**, as usual.

---

You're in the **main courtyard** of **Hollow Hold**, preparing to head out to find **The Ultimate Warrior**. You're carrying **a lot of random crap** around, including **a bit of food**, some **gold coins**, a **multitool**, some **tunnel drink**, and now a **bottle of anti-destrucives**. Will you march on to **The Rock's** tribal compound now, or is there more you would like to see or discuss while in **Hollow Hold**?

[``> Suggest that we disguise The Rock and Macho Man before making our way to The Rock's village.``](../131)

|[``< Previous page``](../129)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|