---
title: "Waste even more time."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-30T20:50:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

For a moment you consider dragging your feet further. You’re unsure why you feel compelled to kill even more time before leaving **Hollow Hold**, whether it be a fear of the unknown or an unwillingness to confront your enemies. All you know is that something in the back of your mind feels like it doesn’t want you to move forward.

Evidently your allies have also noticed this sudden delay, as **The Rock** steps forward to check on you. “*Is everything alright, **Gregory**? A moment ago you were ready to move forward, but now it almost seems like you’re stalling for time.*” **The Rock’s** words momentarily snap you out of your stupor. “*Oh uh, yeah sorry. We can go now, I think it’s just the nerves getting to me.*” **The Rock** nods his head, apparently understanding your feelings. “*Not to worry, I understand. We are quickly approaching the eleventh hour. While I would encourage you to pick yourself up and move forward now, do not be afraid to tell us if your nerves begin to act up again. Remember, this is a trying time for us all.*”

“*Thanks, **The Rock**. I’ll remember that.*” you say as you finally begin to move forward again. “*Alright, let’s go save our friend.*” With that, you finally begin to lead your team onwards away from **Hollow Hold**. As you make your way forwards, you consider what the best approach to reach **The Rock tribe** would be, as when you first came to **Hollow Hold** you cut across the **open plains**. Doing the same again may be faster, but possibly also more dangerous than sticking to the **main road**.

What way will you lead your squad?

[``> Head out towards The Rock's tribe across the plains.``](../134)

|[``< Previous page``](../132)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|