---
title: "Head out towards The Rock's tribe across the plains."
type: "single"
date: 2024-06-30T21:24:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

As you make your way out of **Hollow Hold**, you decide you may as well cut through the **plains** again and try to shave off some time as you make your way to the **village**. “*Alright guys, I think we should cut through the **plains** rather than following the **road** to make up for lost time. Sound good?*” Not hearing any objections, you and your allies find your way out of the **Hollow Wood**, then begin running northwest across the **grassy plains** of **central Wrestlemania**.

You sprint for a few hours, bounding across the grassy fields with little issue. You spend the time mostly running in silence, your allies apparently too focused on the goal at hand to speak. **The Rock** in particular appears to be deep in thought every time you glance at him. Soon enough you find yourself crossing onto another **dirt road**, and looking ahead towards the horizon you can see the familiar walls of **The Rock tribe’s village** just coming into view. “*That was fast, guess I made the right call cutting through the **plains**.*” you think to yourself as you lead your party onwards to the **village**.

As you approach the **tribal compound**, for a moment you think you can hear the distant sound of **shouting** coming from ahead of you. While you ignore the sound at first, the closer you get to the **village** the louder and more obvious the noise becomes. Sure enough, once you’re within a mile of the **village** you realize what you’re hearing is none other than the unmistakable incoherent screams of **The Ultimate Warrior**. Evidently he must not be enjoying his stay with **The Rock tribe**. “*That can’t be good.*” you hear **El Disgusto** say as your group picks up the pace for the final stretch to the village.

You finally find yourself at the main gate to **the tribe’s compound**. The **gate** is shut, and **The Ultimate Warrior’s** deranged shouts are now clearly echoing across the plains. What will you do?

[``> Try to find the secret entrance that I'm sure must exist somewhere.``](../135)

|[``< Previous page``](../133)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|