---
title: "Try to find the secret entrance that I'm sure must exist somewhere."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-07T20:16:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

For a moment you consider how best to get into **The Rock's tribal compound** without causing a stir. Going in through the **front gates** would obviously be easiest, but your gang might be better off if you could sneak in somehow. "*Hey **The Rock**...*" you begin, turning to address your **well-disguised friend**, "*Does this **village** have any **secret entrances** or anything? Might make getting in a little easier.*"

**The Rock** thinks to himself for a moment before responding. "*Hmm, when the **tribe** relocated here following **Cena's** attack they were very cautious about avoiding any other unexpected assaults in the future. While I was exiled before the walls were finished, I have my doubts the **tribesmen** would have allowed any **hidden tunnels** or other such **secret passages** to be built out of fear for the **tribe's** safety. That said, there is a **side gate** by the edge of the lake that is not frequently used. It's possible that if **The Ultimate Warrior** has the **tribe** distracted, that **gate** may be left unguarded.*" Welp, guess that **side door** is the closest thing to a secret entrance you're gonna find. "*Guess that'll have to do, can you lead us to this **side entrance**?*" You ask **The Rock**, who nods as he responds. "*Of course, it's right this way.*"

**The Rock** cautiously leads you and your party around the perimeter gates of the village, heading towards the shore of the lake. After a few minutes you approach a **disused wooden gate** not far from the shoreline. Leaving your friends a safe distance away, you cautiously approach the **gate** and give them a quick shove. While initially there's no reaction, unfortunately the **gates** don't move and you hear the sound of **rattling chains** from the other side. "*Looks like it's locked from the other side.*" You shout to your allies, before suddenly being interrupted by a **Rock-like voice** from the other side of the **gate**.

"*Who goes there!? We are not accepting visitors, we are currently dealing with a crisis!*" You hear the **voice** call out. "*We're travelers, looking for a **lost ally**! We think he may be in your **village**!*" You shout in response. After a moment the **gate** opens slightly, and you’re greeted by a rather surly looking **The Rock** dressed in **leather armor**. This **gate guard** briefly scans you and your party before speaking. “*Ah, so the **liar** returns with his **traitorous friends** in tow. What has compelled you all to return to our **tribe**?*” Welp, so much for those **disguises**.

What will you say to the gate guard?

[``> Tell the guard we've arrived to solve their Ultimate Warrior problem.``](../136)

|[``< Previous page``](../134)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|