---
title: "Tell the guard we've arrived to solve their Ultimate Warrior problem."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-08T05:20:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

While you don’t appreciate this **The Rock** calling you a liar out of nowhere, given the circumstances you decide it best to stick to business. “*I don’t know why you called me a **liar**, but I’m not lying about being here to find a **lost friend**. We were traveling with **The Ultimate Warrior** until fairly recently, and based on the shouting I assume he’s the source of that ‘crisis’ you were referring to. I’m not here to open any old wounds, just let us come in so we can fix up **The Ultimate Warrior** and then we’ll leave in peace.*” 

In response to your appeal, the **gate guard** looks you over with a sour look on his face. “*While it is true **The Ultimate Warrior** is the source of our current predicament, we are perfectly capable of resolving this issue ourselves. We certainly don’t need assistance from **liars** and **traitors**.” Frustrated with this unpleasant **The Rock’s** attitude, you quickly snap back at him. “*Hey now, what’s the deal with calling me a **liar**? What did I ever do to you?*” The **guard’s** foul glare intensifies with your question.

“*You previously came to our **tribe** seeking help in freeing **Wrestlemania** from **John Cena’s** tyranny, and we agreed to assist on the condition that it appeared favorable to do so. Not only have you failed to even make a dent in **the enemy’s** defenses, now our **nation** is embroiled in civil war and our once grand **capital** lies in ruin. Additionally, you have once again come to us with the exiled **traitor** of our **tribe** and his equally traitorous **ally**. You have given us no reason to trust you, so in turn we have no reason to permit you among our **tribe**. Now, begone.*” The surly **The Rock** goes to slam the gate in your face, but your **The Rock** rushes forward and grabs hold of it before he can. The surly **guard** glares at him before responding. “*Get out of here, **traitor**. You know you’re not welcome here. I would send the **guards** after you for this, were they not already preoccupied.*”

Your **The Rock** glares back at the **gate guard** before snapping back with his own retort. “*I am aware of what I did, and have come to understand why I deserved my punishment. However, I stand before you now a changed man. My allies and I have learned the truth.*” The **gate guard** raises an eyebrow at this claim. “*Oh? And what ‘truth’ have you learned?*” “*I’ve realized that it was not just **Cena** who was led astray by the **dark lord of Wrestlemania**. We were all led astray. You see, I’ve learned that **Bubungo** is not the true **dark lord of Wrestlemania**. The real **dark lord** is **President Vince McMahon** himself.*” You hear the **guard** let out a slight gasp, but your **The Rock** continues. “*We can discuss semantics later, but for now, please allow us entry so we can retrieve our **friend**.*”

The two **The Rocks** exchange silent glares for a few moments, before the **gate guard** finally pushes the **gate** open and stands aside. “*Fine, your group may enter and deal with your '**friend**'. Assuming you manage to tame that **feral beast**, we will assemble a **tribunal** to verify your claims. Now go.*”

Will you proceed into the compound?

[``> Ready the anti-destrucives and make our way in.``](../137)

|[``< Previous page``](../135)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|