---
title: "Ready the anti-destrucives and make our way in."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-08T13:44:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Wasting no time, you and your **companions** run into the **compound** to track down your **distressed ally**. **The Rock village** appears to have been ransacked, presumably a casualty of **The Ultimate Warrior's destrucity-induced insanity**. Following the sound of screaming **The Rocks** and **The Ultimate Warrior's** incoherent shouting, you eventually make your way to the **village dining hall**.

Inside, the **hall** almost appears as if it were struck by an earthquake, the furnishings destroyed and strewn about the interior. All around the room are dozens of **The Rocks** forming a large crowd, with a circle of at least a dozen armed guards in the middle pointing spears at **The Ultimate Warrior**. **The Warrior** himself is nude, aside from what appears to be a **tablecloth** draped over his body, and you notice he seems to now have a **slightly green complexion**. You and your allies rush towards the crowd, only to be pushed back by one of the **The Rocks**. He begins shouting while attempting to restrain your **The Rock**.

"***Traitor**! How dare you show your face in this compound, especially at a time like this!*" Your **The Rock** simply pushes him aside and snaps back, "*Hold your tongue, I've seen the error of my ways and have come to make amends. I've already agreed to attend a **tribunal**, but first we must deal with **The Ultimate Warrior**.*" Without another word, you and your group push through the crowd and eventually find yourself face-to-face with **The Ultimate Warrior** himself.

"*AAAAAAAAHHHAHAHAHAHA! **FRIENDS**, YOU RETURN! I KNEW YOU WOULD RETURN, YOU'RE ALWAYS STICKING OUT YOUR **GYATT** WHERE IT DOESN'T BELONG! SOMETHING **SUSSY'S** GOING ON **AMONG US** BOYOS, AND WE GOTTA GET TO THE BOTTOM OF IT! THIS IS A **HARAMBE-LEVEL** THREAT, MAN!*" Somehow you had forgotten just how annoying **The Ultimate Warrior** was before he found **his meds**. Trying to ignore his meme-filled outburst, you pull out the bottle of **anti-destrucives** and cautiously approach **The Ultimate Warrior**. "*Just shut up for a minute, **Mr. Warrior**, we're here to help you.*" you say, trying to speak over the crowd.

**The Warrior**, seemingly oblivious to your intentions, continues his unhinged ranting. "*I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT! WE GOTTA SAVE THE WORLD **GREGGY**, WE ALREADY MESSED IT UP REAL GOOD! THAT **PRESIDENT** SURE IS A **RIZZLER**, WE PLAYED RIGHT INTO HIS HAND **NO CAP**! GOOD THING WE'RE ALL **SIGMAS** HERE, RIGHT FELLAS?!*" It's truly amazing how deeply unpleasant this is for everyone involved.

Finally fed up with **The Ultimate Warrior's** absurd shouting, you rip out one of the **pills** from the **bottle**, tackle **The Warrior** to the ground, and violently shove the **pill** down his throat. While he throws you aside almost immediately, you begin to see the effects of the **anti-destrucive** take effect before your very eyes and ears. "*WE GOTTA GET BACK UP TO **WRESTLYLYMPUS** BOYS! BUT FIRST I WANT **THAT PILL**! GIMME **THAT PILL**, I NEED **THAT PILL**! AAAHAHAHAHA... HAHA... hah... ha... hmm. Wait, what was I saying? Where am I?*" **The Ultimate Warrior** begins rubbing his forehead with his hand as he looks around the room in confusion. The circle of **The Rock** warriors tentatively lower their spears, apparently recognizing that their former target is no longer a threat.

You're currently laying on the ground with the wind knocked out of you, surrounded by your allies and the people of **The Rock tribe**. What will you do?

[``> Try to get my bearings again then ask The Ultimate Warrior what's happened to him since Wrestlympus.``](../138)

|[``< Previous page``](../136)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|