---
title: "Try to get my bearings again then ask The Ultimate Warrior what's happened to him since Wrestlympus."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-09T16:42:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You start trying to catch your breath and pick yourself up off the floor, and as you do **The Ultimate Warrior** notices you struggling and extends a hand to help lift you to your feet. “*Oh, hey **Gregory**. What’s up?*” He begins, now acting surprisingly calm, “*Hey, do you have any idea where we are? Everything’s kind of a blur…*” 

While you’re pleased to see **The Ultimate Warrior** acting sane again, his confusion concerns you. “*It’s good to see you again, **Mr. Warrior**. We’re in **The Rock Tribe’s village**, me and the rest of the squad just came here to save you! Do you not remember how you got here?*” **The Warrior** looks at you, clearly still confused by his current circumstances. “***The Rock Tribe**? No, I don’t remember coming here at all. Last thing I remember was facing off against **John Cena** and **that monkey** back in **HQ**, then everything’s just a blank. Hang on… was I off my **meds** again?*” You nod as you pull out the bottle of **anti-destrucives**. “*Yeah, fortunately we got a fresh bottle of them back in **Hollow Hold**. I figured it would’ve taken a bit before your last dose ran out though, do you really not remember anything after **HQ**?*”

**The Ultimate Warrior** thinks to himself for a moment, before shaking his head. “*Not a thing… you’re right though, normally these **meds** last way longer than that. Maybe the **tunnel drink** messed with my system or something. Would explain why my **skin** looks green too I guess.*” You briefly consider what this might imply, but your thoughts are quickly interrupted by a sudden “*A-hem*” from behind you. Turning around, you see the **gate guard The Rock** and the **tribal leader The Rock** who both tried to stop you earlier are now approaching your group. “*I apologize for breaking up this charming reunion, but I believe we have more serious matters to discuss.*” the lead **The Rock** says as he approaches.

What will you say to the **The Rocks**?

[``> Explain our mission to retake Wrestlympus and ask if they can lend any support.``](../139)

|[``< Previous page``](../137)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|