---
title: "Urge my allies to start up another round of wrestyling songs to pass the time."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-14T00:28:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Hmm, hey I know what we can do to kill some time! Why don't we show **Macho Man** and **The Ultimate Warrior** the **song** we came up with during our march to **Hollow Hold**?*" You look to **The Rock**, **The Undertaker** and **El Disgusto**, giddy with anticipation. The three collectively roll their eyes, before all quickly relenting with a smile. **Macho Man** and **The Ultimate Warrior** each look deeply confused by what you've proposed, and their looks of confusion only deepen as you begin clearing your throat and **El Disgusto** once again produces his **pennywhistle**.

Before **Macho Man** or **The Warrior** can even react, **El Disgusto** begins playing the melody to **The Major-General's Song** as you, **The Undertaker** and **The Rock** begin to sing. However, before you can say anything beyond "*I am the very model of...*", you're all abruptly interrupted by the **gate guard** shouting "*SHUT UP! No singing or you're all be waiting in the **stocks**!*" **El Disgusto** pouts and puts away his **whistle** as your party returns to silence. So much for that idea.

It will probably still be a while before the **tribunal**, would you like to try saying or doing anything else?

[``> Ask The Ultimate Warrior if he recalls drinking any more of the tunnel drink since Wrestlympus, or if his sickly green color was the result of just the first sip.``](../141)

|[``< Previous page``](../139)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|