---
title: "Realize that I should probably ask how this tribunal is going to go down before it actually starts."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-19T16:04:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Suddenly realizing you don’t actually know what this **tribunal** is going to involve, you figure you should probably ask now so you aren’t going in completely blind. “*Hey uh, **Mr. Guard Rock**, just out of curiosity how is this **tribunal** actually going to work?*” You say to the **guard** as he begins ushering your gang out of the cell. He briefly looks at you with an incredulous look on his face, probably confused why you didn’t ask this hours ago. “*It’s a bit late to give you the full rundown. This is basically going to be a discussion in front of the entire **tribe** to determine if your **friend**, the traitor, can be trusted. We’ll sit you all down, ask some questions, then the **tribe** will convene and make a decision. Make sense?*” Seems simple enough. You nod to the **guard**. “*Good, now follow me.*”

The **guard** leads you back to the **main dining hall**, which has been cleaned up somewhat since you ended **The Ultimate Warrior's** rampage. All the **tables** and **chairs** have been righted, and the room has been reconfigured into a sort of **makeshift courtroom**. The entire **tribe** has once again gathered, filling most of the perimeter of the hall. In the center you see the **tribal leader** seated at his own table with a **gavel** in hand. The **guard** leads you and your allies to an open table across from the **elder** and gestures for you to sit. As you do, the **elder** rises from his seat and slams the **gavel** on the table, and suddenly the entire room goes quiet as he begins to address your **The Rock**. “*We gather here today for the **tribunal** of our **exiled brother and his allies**. We will use this time to determine their standing amongst the **tribe**. Should you provide sufficient evidence that you have been reformed and have grown to understand the circumstances which led to your exile, we may consider allowing you amongst your peers once more. Otherwise, you and your allies will be banished once again. Is this understood?*” Your **The Rock** nods and replies “*Understood.*” and the **elder** returns to his seat.

The **elder** takes a brief moment to look over your party before leaning in towards your **The Rock** to address him. “*Now, you came here claiming that you have ‘learned the truth’ and have returned to the **tribe** with new information on **our enemies**, correct? Please explain to me these **new facts** you’ve supposedly found.*” Your **The Rock** closes his eyes to think for a moment before responding. “*When I was exiled, and later when I returned with **Gregory** and **Macho Man** to seek the **tribe’s** assistance, I believed that my former friend **John Cena** had been led astray by the **Dark Lord of Wrestlemania**. At that time I was under the impression this **dark lord** was the ape, **Bubungo**. However, in my travels since then I have come to believe that **Bubungo** is not the true **dark lord**. The true **dark lord**, who has been misleading this entire nation for many years, is none other than **President Vince McMahon** himself.*”

You hear waves of gasps and chatter from the crowd in response to **The Rock’s** revelation. The **elder** slams his **gavel** once again and leans in close to address these claims. “*You claim **President McMahon** is a **dark lord** and has led this nation astray? This is a very serious claim, do you bring us any sort of **proof**?*” Your **The Rock** gestures to you and the rest of the team as he replies. “*Yes, my friends and I have all uncovered evidence that **Vince** is not what he seems.*” **The Rock elder** leans back in his seat and turns to face you directly. “*Well then, if this is true then please present your evidence.*”

What evidence will you present to the court?

[``> Describe my scrying vision and my meaty visions of Vince's deception.``](../144)

|[``< Previous page``](../142)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|