---
title: "Describe my scrying vision and my meaty visions of Vince's deception."
type: "single"
date: 2024-07-31T21:04:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You sit thinking for a moment, trying to remember what **evidence** you've found to implicate **Vince**. Unfortunately, it seems that all the evidence you can think of came from visions and dreams. If only you had taken some time to discuss what you were going to say with your allies. Hopefully the **Rock tribesmen** believe in **magic visions**...

You finally rise from your seat to address the **Rock leader** with your evidence. "*Well you see, ever since our failed assault on **Wrestlympus** I've had a few unusual **visions** involving **President McMahon**. First, when all of us were originally split up **The Undertaker** here helped me perform a **scrying ritual** to find everyone. The **ritual** worked and told me exactly where everyone was, including showing me that **The Ultimate Warrior** was at this village, but when I tried to spy on the ape **Bubungo** I instead got a vision of **Vince**. He looked very mad, and it was almost like he knew I was **scrying** on him. I think that somehow their minds are linked in some way.*"

Gasps and chatter begin to emanate from the crowd of **The Rocks** around the hall, but they are quickly silenced by the **elder** banging his **gavel**. Once the room is quiet again, you continue. "*Second, we recently encountered a group of **powerful mystics** called the **BBQ Pit Druids**. They called me their **chosen one** and performed a ritual with me, and the ritual caused me to see another **vision**. In it I saw **Vince**, and it looked like he was controlling both **Cena's forces** and **my allies** together like **puppets**.*" Even more gasps and chatter begin and are interrupted by the **elder's gavel** once again. With your story done you take a seat, and the **elder** begins to address the rest of your party.

"*These visions of yours seem very enlightening, **Mr. Gregory**. Now, does anyone else among **the traitor's allies** have any additional evidence to share?*" In response, **The Undertaker** rises from his seat. "*Yeah, I've got something to say too. The **president** tried to get me to train **Bubungo** ages ago, and that **dirty ape** stole all sorts of **potions** and **reagents** from me. Now it looks like he's using those same **reagents** to make some spooky crap called **tunnel drink** to give people crazy powers.*" **The Rock** elder raises an eyebrow and leans in towards **The Undertaker**. "***Tunnel drink**? Please, tell me more.*"

For the next several hours you and your companions each take turns describing all your previous encounters with **Vince McMahon** and every bit of evidence you've found to connect him with **Cena** and **Bubungo**. You describe everything you've learned about **tunnel drink**, including its **teleportation properties** and how it seemed to mutate **Hulk Hogan** and **The Ultimate Warrior**, and how **Bubungo** was pumping it through **HQ** and had **Vince** suspended in a tank of it. **The Undertaker** goes into more detail about his past history with **Vince** and **Bubungo**, **The Rock** shares everything he learned from his time with the **monks** about why **Vince's** death and resurrection seemed suspicious, and **Macho Man** goes into detail about everything that happened at **Hollow Hold** during and after the **Hooligan's** assault.

Once you and your party have finished recalling your evidence, there is much chatter in the crowd and much pondering by the **Rock elder**. Finally, the **elder** slams his **gavel** and stands to address the entire room. "*We have heard much evidence from our **fallen brother** and his **allies**. Now we must take the time to consider our verdict.*" With that, the **elder** exits the hall, and shortly after the entire **Rock tribe** files out of the room behind him. Once the final **The Rock** exits the room you hear a click from the door, followed by the sound of rattling wood beams. Seems they've locked you in. You and your allies now find yourself sitting in the center of the **dining hall** alone in silence.

You're unsure how long it will be before the **tribe** returns, is there anything you wish to do while you wait?

[``> Ask my companions if I should've tried to produce any actual, physical evidence at some point.``](../145)

|[``< Previous page``](../143)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|