---
title: "Ask where the nearest bathroom is."
type: "single"
date: 2024-08-13T16:05:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Shuddering in anticipation for the **tribe’s** final decision, you’re so nervous that you think you might **wet your pants**. It doesn’t help that you can’t recall a single time since you’ve arrived in **Wrestlemania** that you’ve actually used a **bathroom**. “*Uhh… before this all goes down, any chance you could point me towards the closest **restroom**?*” you stutter sheepishly to the gathered **The Rocks**. You hear **Macho Man** and your **The Rock** sigh, while **El Disgusto** suddenly chimes in saying “*Actually, I could use one too!*” Your **The Rock** elbows him in the back of the head in response, earning an “*Ow! Ugh, sorry…*” from **El Disgusto**.

The leader of the group glares at your team briefly. “*There will be no leaving the chamber until the verdict has been delivered. Now, if there are no other comments or questions, we shall begin.*” There’s a moment of silence before the **elder** continues. “*Very good. **Chaplain**, please present the final verdict.*” One of the ornately dressed **The Rocks** steps forward between your group and the **elder**, and produces a bound **parchment scroll** from within his robe. He then unbinds the **scroll**, unrolls it and begins to read.

“*Today, we the **Great Tribesmen of The Rock Dynasty** have been called upon once again to decide the fate of our exiled brother, **Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson**. He, who was cast out of the tribe never to return following the betrayal of his friend **John Cena**, claimed to have seen the error of his ways. The **Tribe** was also presented with additional evidence, claiming that we and the entire nation of **Wrestlemania** were misled and caught in the middle of a conspiracy laid out by **President Vince McMahon**.” The **Chaplain** pauses briefly to clear his throat. Your **legs** are **wet with anticipation**, and your entire party is visibly quaking waiting for the final verdict to be read.

“*Given the evidence presented and several hours of deliberation, **The Tribe** has arrived at the following unanimous conclusion: A temporary hold will be placed upon our **brother’s** exile. He and **his allies** will temporarily be allowed within **tribal lands** and be allowed to interact with his fellow **tribesmen** once again. We will also reaffirm our previous agreement to offer support in the fight against **John Cena** and his allies, should the conditions appear favorable.*” You and your entire party finally relax and sigh with relief, however the relief is cut short by the leader stepping forward to speak once again.

“*Make no mistake, this is only a temporary arrangement. You may stay with the **tribe** for the night and speak with **our people** if you must, but do not think you are suddenly within our good graces. Should you actually succeed in taking down **Cena** and provide definitive proof of this supposed conspiracy between him, **Bubungo** and **President McMahon**, then we can potentially reconvene to discuss a more permanent end to your exile. Should that not come to pass, you will never be welcome here again. Is that understood?*” “*Understood, thank you **elder**.*” your **The Rock** replies.

Well, that could’ve gone worse. Is there anything else you’d like to do while you’re here with the tribal leaders?

[``> Ask my team if there's anything they think we should do before we make preparations to continue on to Wrestlympus.``](../147)

|[``< Previous page``](../145)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|