---
title: "Visit the blacksmith and armorer and try to purchase some gear for the fights ahead."
type: "single"
date: 2024-09-19T22:21:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*Alright, well if there’s no shops then can you just lead us to the **blacksmith** or the **armorer**?*” you ask **The Rock**, who nods in response. “*Yes, that I can do. Follow me, and stay close.*” With that, **The Rock** leads you and the rest of the party out of the dining hall. As you exit, another **The Rock** guarding the door stops your party and addresses your **The Rock**. “*The **councilors** have told me to allow you to freely walk the compound for the night. Please return to me after you’ve finished your business, and I will show you to your **sleeping quarters**. Just remember, no funny business.*” Your **The Rock** nods and simply responds with “*No funny business.*” then continues to lead you deeper into the compound.

You follow **The Rock** for a few minutes as he makes his way to the far side of the village, near the coast of the lake. He eventually comes to a stop in front of a large stone building, which is dominated by a giant chimney billowing black smoke. The building has two doors, and **The Rock** guides you into the door on the left. Inside, you find yourself surrounded by rows upon rows of racks, barrels and chests, all lined with various bits of armor and weaponry. Taking a quick look around you spot a number of recognizable weapons, including **clubs**, **spears** and **swords**, along with some more unusual objects reminiscent of the unusual tools you found in **Wrestlympus**. Most of what you see appears to be made of wood, leather and stone, with only a limited amount of simple metal plate armor and iron weapons. As you begin to look around the room, yet another **The Rock** approaches.

“*Ah yes, you must be the **traitor’s friends**. The **councilors** said I should expect a group of unfamiliar guests. I’ve been told to assist in arming you for your coming battle. Please, feel free to browse, and let me know if I may be of assistance.*”

What sort of gear will you look for?

[``> Look for some weapons to gear up the team.``](../150)

|[``< Previous page``](../148)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|