---
title: "Ask the Rock what the actual connection between him, Macho Man, and John Cena is, and if any other wrestlers are part of this puzzle."
type: "single"
date: 2016-01-22T04:32:12+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*So what connection do you have to **Macho Man** and **John Cena**? Are any other wrestlers involved?*" 

"*You aren't ready to know that, and I'm not ready to tell you. Drink some coffee, you'll need it for the long tr-*" **The Rock** is interrupted by a familiar ghostly voice... "*Want some **cream** with that?*"

The ghost of **Macho Man** has arrived. "*He's ready, **Dwayne**. This kid's got serious potential. If we're ever gonna regain control of **Wrestlemania** from **Cena**, he needs to know everything.*" **The Rock** sighs. "*Fine. **Gregory**, I am telling you this against my better judgment.*"

"***Cena** and I were once friends, but **Cena** was led awry by the **dark lord of Wrestlemania**. I knew something was wrong with the lord, but I followed **Cena**. I led him straight to my tribe like a fool, and he and his minions killed them. I helped a few escape, but they have never forgiven me. This is why I live alone, far away from anyone.*"

You are shocked at **The Rock's** story. He and **Cena** used to be friends? How could such a nice person be friends with your terrible former roommate? Before you have a chance to think any more, **Macho Man** starts speaking.

"*We need to get the rest of your tribe on board before we move on. It'll be hard, I know, but we have to try.*" **The Rock** hesitates, then nods his head in approval. "*We must go now. Their camp should be a few miles north of here. We'll be there by sunrise.*"

{{< align "center" >}}*The ghost of **Macho Man** has joined your party!*{{</ align >}}

You have so many questions, and you have hours until your group reaches **The Rock's** old tribe. Will you ask **The Rock** and **Macho Man** for more information, or is it best to stay silent for now?

[``> Ask Macho Man what it's like being dead, and ask the Rock if he can write his soup recipe down for you.``](../16)

|[``< Previous page``](../14)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|