---
title: "Accept the weapons, then have a look at some armor."
type: "single"
date: 2024-10-02T02:24:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You think on the **armorer’s** suggestions for a moment, then decide his reasoning is sound. “*Alright, we’ll take the lot. You wouldn’t happen to have any special armor tucked away in the back too, would you?” You ask, hoping the **armorer** might have more to offer than the simple leather and iron plate armor you’ve seen so far. Unfortunately, he starts to shake his head before responding. “*Afraid not. Don’t forget we’re refugees, we’re lucky to have as much iron armor as we do. What you see is what you’re gonna get.*” Oh well, nice thought. “*Anyways, I’ll go grab those **crossbows** if you fellas want to get yourselves kitted out. I’ll only be a moment.*” With that, the **armorer** steps away and exits through a side door.

While the **armorer** is collecting the **crossbows**, you and your allies begin to arm yourselves with the other equipment you were offered. You and **The Rock** both agree to take the **crossbows**, and while **The Rock** seems fine with going into battle with only it and his **fists**, you are considerably less confident in your melee abilities and pick out a machete-like **shortsword** as backup. You then search the armor racks, eventually settling on a fairly lightweight, iron-reinforced **leather body** and **leggings**. **Macho Man**, **The Rock** and **The Ultimate Warrior** each slide on a hardened **leather body**, and **Macho Man** and **The Warrior** each arm themselves with **halberds**. **El Disgusto** appears to disregard the body armor entirely, but does manage to find a particularly gnarly looking **wooden spear** to arm himself with. 
Oddly, you notice **The Undertaker** has not taken any weapons or armor, and is simply standing by the exit with his arms crossed.

After a few minutes, the **armorer** returns from the side room, now carrying two simple **crossbows** and a pair of **quivers** filled with **bolts**. He passes you one of the sets, then begrudgingly shoves the other at **The Rock**. “*Alright, there’s your **crossbows**. You need anything else?*”

Is there anything else you’d like to do while you’re at the armory?

[``> Thank the armorer and discuss the upcoming trek to Wrestlympus with my team.``](../152)

|[``< Previous page``](../150)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|