---
title: "Thank the armorer and discuss the upcoming trek to Wrestlympus with my team."
type: "single"
date: 2024-10-29T03:48:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You take one final glance around the **armory** before turning to address the **armorer**. “*I think we’re good, thank you for the equipment and your hospitality.*” The **armorer** grimaces and crosses his arms as he replies. “*Whatever, don’t sweat it. Just try to get out of there in one piece, that’s all good equipment that the rest of the **tribe** could’ve used, I don’t wanna see any of it going to waste. Now, it’s getting late, so if you’re all done here then I’ll be turning in.*” Your **The Rock** steps forward to speak to the **armorer**. “*We’re well prepared now, this should be all we need. Thank you again, brother.*” He extends a hand towards the **armorer** for a **handshake**, but the **armorer** simply scoffs and begins walking back towards the back room. Sensing the tension, you lead your group out of the **armory**.

Once everyone is outside, you gather everyone up and address the group. “*Alright guys, now that we’re back together and have the tribe on our side, I think all that’s left is to march on to **Wrestlympus** and save **Mankind**. I don’t think we’re going to see many more friendly faces along the way, so is there anything else we should plan to do before we make our way to the **capitol**?*”

**The Undertaker** is the first to respond, “*Those **elders** did suggest we could speak to them or their **loremaster** to learn up on **Cena** and **Vince**. I dunno what kinda dirt they might have on those guys, but any new info that could give us an edge would be useful.*” You can see **The Rock** close his eyes and shake his head before replying. “*While I agree any new information could provide us with an edge in the coming fight, I am quickly realizing that we are even less welcome here than I had anticipated. While I’m sure the **tribesmen** will keep their word and assist us should we succeed in breaching **Cena’s** forces, I do not cherish the thought of interacting with my former brethren any more than is necessary. I’m certain others within the **tribe** will not be as restrained as the **councilors** or the **armorer**, and I do not wish to cause a scene and give the **tribe** any additional reasons to withdraw their support again.*” 

“*Yeah,*” **Macho Man** chimes in, “*I gotta agree with you there. **The Rock** tribe can be an ornery bunch, particularly to outsiders. Besides, what more could we even learn about **Cena** and **Vince** anyways? I say we hit the sack now then hit the road at the crack of dawn. We should be halfway to **Wrestlympus** before half the tribe even knows we’re gone.*”

Seems you’ve got some options. Will you meet with more of the **tribe** to try and learn more about their history with your enemies, or will you settle in for the night and plan for an early start in the morning?

[``> Agree that we've overstayed our welcome and make plans to leave in the morning.``](../153)

|[``< Previous page``](../151)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|