---
title: "Agree that we've overstayed our welcome and make plans to leave in the morning."
type: "single"
date: 2024-11-07T23:12:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

After taking a moment to consider your options, you decide it's probably best to leave sooner rather than later. "*Sorry **Undertaker**, I think I'm gonna have to agree with **The Rock** and **Macho Man**. We already have a pretty good idea of what we're gonna be up against, and I don't think we should risk getting on the **tribe's** bad side again. Let's just go meet with the **guard** and turn in for the night.*" **The Undertaker** grumbles under his breath in displeasure for a moment before following you and the rest of the squad back to the main **dining hall**.

Upon reaching the hall you approach the **The Rock** guarding the entrance, who then guides you and the group to the same makeshift sleeping quarters you were originally given on your first visit with the **tribe**. Aware that you'll need to head out as early as possible tomorrow morning, you and your allies quickly settle in and lay down for a short night's rest. You toss and turn in your bed for a while, your mind filled with nothing but the thought of your impending rematch with **Cena**, before you finally manage to drift into an uneasy slumber.

After only a few short hours of restless sleep, you're suddenly shaken awake. "*Rise and shine, mi amigo! Our friends are getting impatient!*" you hear **El Disgusto** say, his pungent onion-scented breath shocking your system awake better than even the strongest espresso. You sit up in the still dark room and see the rest of your allies are already up and packed. "*Alright,*" you say groggily, "*Let's get this show on the road, I guess.*" 

You quickly hop out of bed and throw yourself together, then you and the party quietly begin making your way to the main gates. It's still pitch dark within the compound, the morning sun only just beginning to peak over the horizon, and as you walk you see no other signs of activity. You initially think you've succeeded in leaving without alerting the **tribe**, but just as you're approaching the gates, you're suddenly startled by the voice of one of the **The Rock tribesmen**.

"*Leaving so soon?*" You hear the voice say as you turn around and see one of the **tribal counselors** step out from around a corner, accompanied by a **lone guard** holding a burning torch. The **counselor** begins to speak again before you can respond. "*Somehow I thought you might try to sneak out again, and given the attitude of my fellow **tribesmen** I can't say I blame you. You have nothing to fear from me, however. I simply have a **gift** I'd like to pass on to **my exiled brother** before you depart.*" You look back at your **The Rock**, who appears confused by this unexpected offer.

Will you oblige the **counselor**?

[``> Accept the counselor's gift.``](../154)

|[``< Previous page``](../152)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|