---
title: "Accept the counselor's gift."
type: "single"
date: 2024-12-17T23:46:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Alright **Mr. Counselor**, you've been nice enough so far, so I guess we'll take a look at this gift of yours.*" The **counselor** smiles and nods to you, then turns to address **The Rock**. 

"*My brother, in spite of the circumstances it has been good to see your face amongst our people again. While I could never speak against the will of the **tribe**, I never truly believed you meant any harm to us. As such, while I'm sure the other **elders** would disapprove, I have a **gift** I'd like to bestow upon you that should help in the days to come. Please, step forward.*" **The Rock** raises an eyebrow, still clearly confused by the **counselor's** offer, but steps forward nonetheless. "*Very good. Now please, keep this **gift** hidden and well protected. The other **tribesmen** would not approve of my passing this **artifact** to you, but I believe I can trust you and that you will understand the weight of my decision. Please, put out your hands.*"

**The Rock** extends his hands as the **elder** begins digging into the pockets of his **robe**. Eventually he produces a **small wooden case**, no larger than the palm of his hand. He then lifts the lid of the case, revealing...

...a **pebble**?

Despite the apparently benign nature of the **gift**, you hear **Macho Man** and **The Rock** gasp at the reveal of this **small stone**. "*What gives?*" **The Undertaker** asks, "*It's just a **stone**. I don't even sense any magi-*" **Macho Man** then suddenly elbows **The Undertaker** in the gut before he can finish. "*Show some respect, man! That's not just any rock, that's {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">The Rock</em>{{</ rawhtml >}}!* " **The Rock** then cuts in, his voice clearly trembling.  
"*{{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">The Original Rock</em>{{</ rawhtml >}}, the founding icon of our **tribe**... it's considered an honor to even touch it!*"

"*And now, it is yours.*" the **counselor** begins to reply, "*Take it, and use its strength to bring an end to our enemies.*" He then closes the case and places it in **The Rock's** now trembling hands. He grips the **box** tightly, clutching it to his chest. "*Thank you, **elder**. I feel I do not deserve such an honor, but I will do everything in my power to earn it.*"

"*I trust that you will. Now, begone! I will reclaim **The Rock** after you have cleansed **Wrestlemania** of the rot infecting its core. I will see you again after the deed is done. Until then, its power is yours.*" The **counselor** responds as he turns to return down the dark alley he emerged from.

"*Thank you, **brother***," **The Rock** stutters in response. The **counselor** simply bows his head, then beckons for his **guard** to follow him back into the dark compound. "*Still just looks like a **dumb pebble** to me...*" you hear **The Undertaker** mutter under his breath. Without another word, your party exits the tribal compound.

-----

You are currently standing in the fields of central **Wrestlemania**, just outside the walls of **The Rock Tribe's village**. Your party has now been gifted two **alleged legendary artefacts**; the {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">BBQ Shoes</em>{{</ rawhtml >}} by the **BBQ Pit Druids**, and {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">The Rock</em>{{</ rawhtml >}} by **The Rock Tribe**. You have also been equipped with a variety of **weapons** and **armor**, and are also currently carrying **various other crap** including a bit of **food**, some **medical supplies**, **2340 gold**, and a **multitool** you've never used. One of these days I'll type out your full **inventory** again, but today is not that day.

What will you do?

[``> Finally begin making our way back to Mount Wrestlympus.``](../155)

|[``< Previous page``](../153)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|