---
title: "Finally begin making our way back to Mount Wrestlympus."
type: "single"
date: 2024-12-19T21:29:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

With your dealings with **The Rock Tribe** behind you, you and your allies make your way to the main road and look north towards your final destination. The dimly lit plains of **Wrestlemania** look almost serene in the early morning light, but you know there's no serenity to be found where you're going.

"*Alright kiddos, this is it. Time to get up to **Wrestlympus** and end this war. We all ready?*" **Macho Man** suddenly belts out, addressing the party.

"*Ready.*" **The Undertaker** responds. 

“*And raring to go!*” **The Ultimate Warrior** continues.

"*Ay, as I'll ever be!*" continues **El Disgusto**. 

"*For **Wrestlemania**.*" **The Rock** says next. 

Your five allies then turn to you. You take a moment to take a deep breath, then nod your head and reply, "*Let's do this.*" With that, you and your party break into a run, sprinting as fast as your legs can carry you northward towards **Wrestlympus**.

You run for what feels like hours, the Sun steadily moving above the horizon and high into the sky, yet you feel no less energized. You consider those {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">grody BBQ shoes</em>{{</ rawhtml >}} must be doing wonders, though you also can't help but feel that your own desire to see your mission to its end is pushing you forward just as much as the legendary boots. 

You spend the whole morning running in silence, your entire party too focused on reaching **Mount Wrestlympus** to even consider talking. However, after several hours of hearing nothing but the sound of your own footsteps and the wind blowing through the grass, a new sound catches your attention. The sound is soft and indistinct at first, but as you move forward the sounds grow louder and more distinct. Slowing your pace a bit to focus, you realize you seem to be hearing **voices** echoing from further up the road. Listening closely, they seem to be coming from somewhere beyond a nearby shallow hill.

Though you've slowed down somewhat, you and your party are still running down the road north towards **Mount Wrestlympus**. Will you stop your running to alert your party, or continue to sprint down the road towards the mysterious voices?

[``> Check out the voices.``](../156)

|[``< Previous page``](../154)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|