---
title: "Check out the voices."
type: "single"
date: 2024-12-27T23:13:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

With the **voices** piquing your curiosity, you decide to keep your eyes and ears open as you continue your sprint towards **Wrestlympus**. Despite not wanting to concern the rest of your party just yet, you quickly realize they've noticed your slowing pace. "*Yo **Gregory**, you good?*" **The Ultimate Warrior** calls out as he and the rest of the gang begin to slow down to a jog. "*You're falling behind, what's the deal?*"

The group veers to the side of the road and come to a stop, gathering around you expectantly. "*Sorry guys, didn't mean to alarm you. I just thought I heard **voices** up ahead and was trying to focus on them. I don't-*" Before you can finish your thought, **Macho Man** shushes you as he grabs your face and covers your mouth with a large ghostly hand. The entire party goes quiet for a moment, and sure enough you can all now clearly hear the sound of **chattering voices** approaching from up the road.

"*Shit, you're right...*" **Macho Man** begins in a hushed tone, "*Dunno how I didn't hear that 'til now, guess we were too focused on **Wrestlympus**.*" You manage to wrestle your mouth free from **Macho Man's** grip and respond in a whisper. "*Is it a big deal? I figured we could check them out, see who's side they're on.*"

**Macho Man** releases you from his grip, and **The Undertaker** then responds. "*With how things are looking around **Wrestlemania** these days, I wouldn't trust any random band of travelers on the road to be on our side. If you really want we can run right up to them and say hello, but if I were you I'd suggest ducking into the bushes and hoping they haven't already noticed us.*"

Will you continue forward and meet these mysterious **voices** face to face, or will you try to hide and let them come to you?

[``> Find cover and watch for the source of the voices.``](../157)

|[``< Previous page``](../155)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|