---
title: "Find cover and watch for the source of the voices."
type: "single"
date: 2024-12-27T23:13:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Recognizing the potential danger, you actually agree with **The Undertaker** for once. "*Alright, you've got a point. Let's hurry up and hide, hopefully whoever's coming hasn't heard any of us.*" With that you and your allies quickly run to the sides of the road and look for cover. You, **The Undertaker** and **The Rock** end up ducking under some shrubs and thicket along the eastern edge of the road, while **Macho Man**, **The Ultimate Warrior** and **El Disgusto** dive into a shallow gully opposite you. **El Disgusto** then uses his **garbagemancy** to pull a layer of moss over the three of them. As prepared as you can be, you all then lie in wait for the approaching **voices**.

It's not long before you begin to see figures approaching from the north, cresting over the top of the hill. You're able to make out a couple dozen **muscular individuals** who appear to be loudly chatting and horsing around with each other as they walk, all seemingly being led by a single, **even larger wrestler**. As the group gets closer you can finally start making out some of the chatter that first alerted you to their presence.

"*Heh, can't wait to reach the **village** and teach those **rockies** a lesson.*" you hear one voice say. "*Yeah, screw **taxes**! I wanna bash some heads in!*" another says in response. "*C'mon **brothers**, pipe down and focus! You all know the rules; **taxes** first, take some **prisoners** if they can't pay up, and bash some **heads** if they start a ruckus.*" you then hear the **leading wrestler** say, shouting over the rest of the crowd. Hang on, is that **Hulk Hogan** and his **hooligans**? From a distance it looks and sounds like him, but in the back of your mind you feel like something's off…

"*I think it's **Hogan's Hooligans**, sounds like they're gonna try to extort money from the **Rock Tribe**.*" you whisper to **The Undertaker**. You can see him squint to get a better look up the road before whispering back. "*You sure? Something seems off about **Hogan**, and that's aside from the fact that he ain't green anymore. Just shut up and keep your head down, we'll find out soon enough anyways.*"

Soon enough the **marching band of wrestlers** is practically on top of you. It's definitely **Hogan's Hooligans** stomping by, but something is definitely off about their **leader**. It takes you a moment of staring at his face before you finally realize the problem; that isn't **Hulk Hogan**, it's a **Cena clone** with **Hogan's hair and moustache**! It's definitely not a good look for him, but evidently it's convincing enough that the hooligans either don't notice or don't care.

-----

You're currently hiding along the side of the road somewhere north of the **Rock Tribe's compound**. **Hogan's Hooligans** are making their way past you, led by an unconvincing facsimile of **Hulk Hogan**, and they seem to be aiming to attack the **tribe**. What will you do?

[``> Wait until the Hooligans' backs are turned to us and strike.``](../158)

|[``< Previous page``](../156)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|