---
title: "Wait until the Hooligans' backs are turned to us and strike."
type: "single"
date: 2025-02-03T02:16:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Not wanting the **Hooligans** to get the drop on **The Rock Tribe**, you decide the best option would be to wait until their backs are turned, then hit them with a surprise attack. Fortunately it seems your hiding spots are working, as the **hooligans** and their **fake leader** seemingly haven’t noticed you or your allies as they march down the road past you. They walk by at a fairly leisurely pace, and as they pass your position you’re able to count out a total of 20 **hooligans**, plus the **Hoganized Cena clone** leading them. “*That’s less than half the number of fighters they had when we fought them before, this should be a cinch.*” you think to yourself as they slowly pass by.

You gently nudge at **The Rock** and **The Undertaker** to get their attention, then use a series of subtle hand motions to convey your plan to attack once the group’s backs are turned. You manage to get your point across, after which **The Rock** makes a series of similar subtle gestures aimed at **El Disgusto’s moss patch** across the road. 

Finally, after a couple minutes of laying under your bush in silence, the last few **hooligans** march past you. The bulk of their group is now a couple yards up the road, and they all seem focused either on themselves or the path ahead. You nudge at your allies again, and the three of you begin cautiously creeping away from the bush as you reach for your weapons.

-----

**Hogan’s Hooligans** are now a few yards up the road, seemingly unaware of you and your allies. A **Hoganized Cena** clone is leading the group, with two **hooligans** flanking him on each side. Behind them is a loose cluster of 13 **hooligans**, with three more trailing behind. How will you begin your surprise attack?

[``> Ready my crossbow and signal The Rock to do the same.``](../159)

|[``< Previous page``](../157)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|