---
title: "Ready my crossbow and signal The Rock to do the same."
type: "single"
date: 2025-02-11T01:38:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

As you pull yourself up from behind the bushes, you take hold of your **crossbow** and gesture for **The Rock** to do the same. You look over to **The Undertaker**, who spends a moment digging through his pockets before producing another pair of **enchanted orbs**. He grips his **flame orb** in one hand, while in the other he appears to have an **orb of darkness** similar to the one you found in **Wrestlympus**. Across the road you also notice **El Disgusto**, **Macho Man** and **The Warrior** have begun inching out from under their moss cover.

With your **crossbow** readied you initially take aim at the fake **Hogan** leading the squad, but **The Rock** seems to notice where you’re aiming, grabs hold of your crossbow, and leans in to whisper in your ear. “*Remember, that **fake Hogan** is wax. Arrows won’t do much. Aim into the crowd first and make the group scatter so we can pick them off.*” You nod your head and readjust your aim directly into the middle of the crowd of **Hooligans**, and **The Rock** does the same. **The Rock** then holds up his hand just high enough for both your group and the group across the road to see, and begins counting down on his fingers from five.

Once the count hits zero, the attack begins. You and **The Rock** both fire straight into the center of the crowd, while simultaneously **The Undertaker** throws a **fireball** and **El Disgusto** unleashes a **wave of bile** in the same direction. **The Rock’s arrow** sinks right into the back of a **hooligan’s** neck, while yours pins another in the shoulder, causing both **wrestlers** to recoil and collapse. **The Undertaker’s fireball** misses any of the **hooligans**, but causes a small explosion upon hitting the ground, sending flames and rubble into the crowd. The three **hooligans** in the back of the group whip around to see the source of the attacks, and one of them screams “*It’s an ambush!*” before being doused in **El Disgusto’s** acid.

With **Hogan’s Hooligans** now aware of your presence, the scene quickly devolves into chaos. The group immediately scatters, with some of the **enemy wrestlers** turning around and charging back in your direction, while others instead start running down the road or into the surrounding fields to get away from the conflict. The **Cena clone** impersonating **Hogan** then starts shouting orders, but you can hardly make them out over the sounds of the chaos.

-----

You’ve taken out some of **Hogan’s Hooligans** and caused many more to flee, but the **Hoganized Cena clone** and a handful of loyalists are now targeting you. How will you proceed?

[``> Focus our team's efforts on the lead clone.``](../160)

|[``< Previous page``](../158)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|