---
title: "Focus our team's efforts on the lead clone."
type: "single"
date: 2025-03-14T21:21:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

A group of **Hooligans** rushes towards you and your allies, but **Macho Man** suddenly runs straight into them and quickly swats away all four with a single sweep of his ghostly arm. The **hooligans** go flying into the grass, and as soon as they land they begin scampering away to escape the carnage. You see another pair of **wrestlers** who were charging you begin to slow down and veer off upon seeing **Macho Man's** impressive feat of strength, but **The Warrior** catches up with them before they can, and they too find themselves beaten up and tossed aside.

As the chaos unfolds you see the **fake Hogan** is growing increasingly agitated as he storms around the road, trying and failing to reign in the fleeing **Hooligans**. His shouts are growing increasingly loud and incoherent, and it seems like he's focused more on his troops than he is on you and your allies. Looking to your party, you notice they are also more focused on the **Hooligans**; **Macho Man** and **The Warrior** have begun to chase down some of the mooks they were pummeling, while the rest of the squad is taking aim at the deserters with their respective weapons. "*Guys, forget about those losers!*" you call out to your companions, "*Let's focus on the **leader**!*"

"*You got it, boss!*" **El Disgusto** immediately responds, then hurls a mound of **sticky mud** directly at the **Hogan/Cena hybrid**. "*What the...!*" He recoils in disgust at the **substance** now covering his body. He turns to flee as well, but the **sludge** has already begun to harden like cement and restrict his movement. **The Undertaker** then squeezes his **orb of darkness** and tosses it at your restrained target, engulfing him in magical shadows.

With the immediate threats largely dealt with, you and your allies gather in a circle around the bubble of shadows, within which you can hear the **Hoganized Cena clone** cursing and struggling to escape **El Disgusto's sludge**. "*Well Gregory, we don't have all day. What do you say we do with this weirdo?*" The Undertaker asks.

What will you do?

[``> Restrain the leader once the smoke clears, and interrogate him.``](../161)

|[``< Previous page``](../159)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|