---
title: "Ask Macho Man how all of these Rocks came into existence, and how all but the one you know have managed to stay in hiding."
type: "single"
date: 2016-01-23T00:09:58+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"***Macho Man**, why are there dozens of **The Rocks** here?*" "*That's a story for another time, kid. We need to eat. Pass me the creamed corn, will you?*"

The entire village of **The Rocks** enter the room. They sit down at the table and begin eating. One of the **The Rocks** speaks. "*Explain why you need our help.*"

"***John Cena** has become too powerful. I know he wiped out your tribe once, but now we have **Gregory**. He can help us. I've tested some others, and he's the cream of the crop.*" **The Rocks** look at **Macho Man** in a distrusting way. "*How do we know your claims are true, **Macho Man**? You lied to us once before. Why should we trust you now?*" "*Because if we don't act now, **Cena** will take over all of **Wrestlemania**. We need your help fighting his armies.*"

"*We will help, but only when you have weakened **Cena**. You do not deserve our full strength. The traitor failed us once; he will not fail us again. We will let you rest here, but then you will leave.*" **Macho Man** seems satisfied by this response, and briefly responds. "*Thank you for your hospitality.*" One of the **The Rocks** leads you out of the room to a sleeping quarters. You lay down and instantly fall asleep.

You wake up refreshed just before nightfall. **Macho Man** wakes you up and leads you outside. You find **The Rock** meditating on a tree stump outside the village. He notices you and silently begins following you and **Macho Man**. You all leave without saying a word.

You head south along the road for a long time. You figure you should say something to break the silence.

[``> I still want that pill. Please help my family is dying``](../18a)

[``> Ask the Rock and Macho Man where this road leads, and where we're going.``](../19)

|[``< Previous page``](../17)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|