---
title: "Ask the Rock and Macho Man where this road leads, and where we're going."
type: "single"
date: 2016-02-04T04:49:46+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Guys, where does this road lead?*"

**The Rock** is silent, but has a look of relief on his face. Looks like he was waiting for you to ask so he didn't have to. "*This road goes for miles and miles, all the way to the edge of **Wrestlemania**. We're headin' to an old buddy of mine's house first. We'll be there in a few minutes.*"

Minutes pass, and sure enough, your group arrives at a home covered in vines and moss. You also smell something slightly acidic in the air... This can't be good. **Macho Man** breaks the silence. "*Here he is. Be nice, kids. Respect your elders. Don't say anything 'bout the smell.*" **The Rock** seems mildly annoyed.

**Macho Man** throws open the door with his spectral arms. The door smashes into pieces, which then each individually burst into flames. You're taken aback at **Macho Man's** strength, but not as much as you're disgusted by the interior of this home. The walls are coated in a black sludge, and an acrid smell fills the air. You step in something engulfed in a black mold and gag. Just as you're about to turn around and leave, a voice calls out from the darkness. "**Gentlemen, welcome to my humble home!**"

You turn around to see a shambling horror that looks like a cross between a Sasquatch with mange and the Swamp Thing. A smell even more horrid than this home fills your nose, and you nearly vomit. The nightmarish creature in front of you begins to speak with a voice reminiscent of a twenty-packs-a-day smoker. "**Apologies, my friends, let me clean this up a bit for you…**"

All the mold, moss, and especially the smell is sucked into a whirlwind, and deposited somewhere out of sight. The home now looks almost spotless. The... thing in front of you has also cleaned itself up: It's a Mexican wrestler! "*Now to introduce myself. Some call me a monster, some call me "The Grossly Wrestler;" but the fans call me "**El Disgusto Magnifico**!"

While you're still recovering from the smell, **Macho Man** begins to talk to **El Disgusto**. "*We already met, man. I've talked to you every week for, like, ten years. Those plants are getting to your head.*" **El Disgusto's** eyes open in surprise. "*Oh yeah, I almost forgot about you! Welcome back, Randy! What can I do for you and your friends here?*"

You snicker when **El Disgusto** calls **Macho Man** "Randy." **Macho Man** elbows you in the ribs. **El Disgusto** slaps himself lightly on the forehead. "*Oh, how could I be so rude! Please, sit down and rest. I'll go get you all some food!*" **El Disgusto** walks out of the room and returns almost instantly with some **chicken wings** and **protein shakes**. You think this is an odd combination, but then you remember that you're in **Wrestlemania**.

Everyone starts eating. Do you have any questions for **El Disgusto**, or will you let **Macho Man** speak first?

[``> Question where all the stuff in the house actually went and where he got the chicken wings.``](../20)

|[``< Previous page``](../18)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|