---
title: "Ask what Mount Wrestlympus is."
type: "single"
date: 2016-02-25T19:34:42+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*What's **Mount Wrestlympus***?" you ask **The Ultimate Warrior**.

He seems irritated that you asked him. "*The unfit one has much to learn...*" says **The Ultimate Warrior** in a surprising display of calmness. You're not sure if he's actually calm or just quietly suppressing his rage. You don't want to find out.

Sensing that **The Ultimate Warrior** is done talking, **Macho Man** decides to answer your question instead. "***Wrestlympus** is the capital of **Wrestlemania**. All the strongest, coolest, most experienced wrestlers live and train there. Everyone knows about it. **Wrestlympus** is the best place ever, man. Well, it was, until **John Cena** came and screwed everything up...*" 

**The Ultimate Warrior** is irritated. "*YOU GOTTA GO THE LONG WAY, BRO. IF YOU'VE NEVER ENTERED **WRESTLYMPUS**, YOU GO IN THE FRONT. THEM'S THE RULES. YOU GUYS KNOW THE WAY. SKEDADDLE!*" Just as you turn to obey **The Ultimate Warrior's** request, he teleports you back to the main road. You're just north of **The Rock's** tribal compound. **El Disgusto** decides to break his stunned silence. "*Can one of you explain to me what just happened?*"

"*A crazy eternal wrestler just teleported us next door to my home,*" says **The Rock**. "*Better get movin', don't wanna get caught in the dark out here... Weird stuff happens out in the plains,*" says **Macho Man** as he begins running due north along the road. You, not wanting to get left behind, start running after him.

Your group runs for hours. You're just about ready to take a break when you spot a circular tomb-like structure out of the corner of your eye, and you stop to take a look. Your group notices and follows you over. "*That's the **McMahon memorial**, **Gregory**,*" says **The Rock**. "*After our last president **Vince McMahon** died, we buried him here. Unfortunately, he never arose as a ghost. We've tried and tried to bring him back into this world, but no one has been able to figure out how.*" Just as **The Rock** finishes telling you about this place, you hear a familiar incoherent shouting from the tomb. "*WAAAUUAUGHHHUHHG!*" It must be **The Ultimate Warrior**. But what's he doing here? "*I don't really want to get involved with this dude again,*" says **Macho Man**. "*It's getting dark, though. We could set up camp inside and figure out what that crackpot's up to this time.*"

Will you explore the tomb, or travel throughout the night to **Wrestlympus**?

[``> Set up camp in the tomb and look around.``](../26)

|[``< Previous page``](../24)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|