---
title: "Tell El Disgusto to go talk to Vince."
type: "single"
date: 2016-03-08T02:20:02+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Psst... **El Disgusto**...*" **El Disgusto** can't take his eyes off of the strange sight in front of him. You elbow him in the ribs. He flinches. "*Ah... What? Oh, right.*" He turns towards the once-dead president sitting in front of you. "*You want some milk with that **protein powder**, **Vince**?*"

**Vince McMahon** stops snorting the **protein powder** and begins to talk in a gravelly voice. "*Who is this I hear? No, it couldn't be... **The Disgustinator**, is that you?*" **El Disgusto** seems confused. "*No, man, my name's **El Disgusto**-*" "*Your name's whatever I want it to be, **Garbage Man**! I'm the president of this here land! You'd better respect your superiors, **Trash Compactor**!*" **Vince** snorts another line of **protein powder**. **Macho Man** decides to step in and taps him on the shoulder. "***Vince**, my man.*" **Vince** looks up in surprise. "*Look who it is! The **Macho Man** himself! How've ya been, old buddy?*" **Macho Man** seems taken aback. "*Whaddaya mean, "how've you been?" you just rose from the freaking dead and you want to know how I've been? How've YOU been? Where'd you go when you died?*" **Vince** seems shocked. "*Wait, I was DEAD? What in blazes are you talking about? If I was dead, how am I alive now?*" "***The Ultimate Warrior** picked you up and used some freaky wrestle magic to bring you back. I don't know how he did it, but-*" **Vince** gets up and sprints outside. **Macho Man** runs after him, and you follow close behind.

**Vince** is standing just outside the monument. A few seconds after you get outside, **Vince** shouts in the air, his voice echoing across across the plains. "*I SMELL A WIMP IN THE KINGDOM! NO WIMPS ALLOWED!*" He starts running north along the road, but in his weakened state, runs out of breath quickly and sits down on the side of the road. You and **Macho Man** walk up to him.

**Macho Man** starts talking to **Vince**. "*That wimp's what we wanted to talk to you about, dude. **John Cena's** gone rogue. He took over **Wrestlympus**, and if we don't stop him, he's gonna take over the rest of Wrestlemania too.*" **Vince** is unfazed. "*Well, we need to kick his ass! Pick me up and let's go give him a whoopin'! Wait a minute, who's this clown?*" **Vince** seems to be talking to you. "*You know what? Don't know, don't care. Let's go.*" **The Rock** walks over and picks up **Vince**. "*Aha, if it ain't **The Rock** in the flesh! Let's get going, we're in a hurry here!*" **The Rock** sighs and complies with **Vince's** request. You and your squad start running north to **Wrestlympus**.

You get the idea **Vince** doesn't want to talk, but you're welcome to try. This might be your last chance before your showdown with **John Cena**. Who knows what dangers lie within **Wrestlympus**?

[``> Explain to Vince who I am and ask him what the last thing he remembers is before waking up here, in hopes that it could help us in some way.``](../28)

|[``< Previous page``](../26)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|