---
title: "Sneak through the canals."
type: "single"
date: 2016-06-01T15:57:50+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Let's try the canals.*" **Vince** seems a little surprised. "*Well, it's your decision.*" You get the idea that **Vince** wanted you to see the city. Ah, well. Off to the dark, dank, disgusting canals!

**The Rock** leads your group over to a manhole cover. The cover is ordained with more hieroglyphics, which **The Rock** appears to be reading. "*South system entrance,*" he says. "This will take us to the cistern. From there we can go to the palace." **The Rock** removes the manhole cover. **El Disgusto** looks excited for your adventure into the canals. "*I'll go first!*" He hops directly into the canals and you hear a big splash. You peer into the hole and see **El Disgusto** doing laps in the water. "*Let's take the ladder,*" says **The Rock**.

You go first to allow **Macho Man** and **The Rock** to carry **Vince** down the ladder. When you get to the bottom, you see exactly what you expected to see: a canal, occupied by **El Disgusto**, with two metal walkways on each side. Not exactly as flashy as the rest of the city, but hey, it's a canal. As soon as the rest of your squad comes down the ladder, **The Rock** begins leading you northward.

You walk for about ten minutes before you come across a grate looking up into the city. **Macho Man** whispers "*Stop! Against the wall!*" Your party clings to the wall. You're a bit surprised. In your entire time in this strange land, you've never had to do anything stealthy. What could possibly compel **Macho Man** to hide?

When **Macho Man** peeks through the grate, you see his eyes widen. He gestures for you and the rest of your squad to do the same. When you look through the grate, you see someone you didn't expect to see: It's **John Cena**! Wait, who's he talking to? It's... **John Cena**?

Through the grate, you see at least a dozen **John Cenas**. "*Jesus Christ, it's an invasion,*" exclaims Vince. "*What the hell are they doing to my city!? We can't wait any longer. We need to get these pieces of trash out of **Wrestlemania**!*" **El Disgusto** looks a little irritated at **Vince's** comment, but holds his tongue. "*I know where we can get more weapons,*" says **Macho Man**. "*There's a big store room in the cistern. The architects put it there in case the city was ever occupied.*" "*Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go,*" says **Vince**. You walk north for another half-hour until you get to the cistern.

When you get to the cistern, the small, dark canal opens up into a large, slightly brighter area where all the other canals in the city drain into a large pit. **Macho Man** leads you over to a raised brick in the wall, which, when pushed, reveals a weapons storeroom. Inside the storeroom you see hundreds of swords, maces, crossbows, flaming arrows, oil bombs, and other weapons you've never seen before. Interestingly enough, there are no guns. There also happens to be a big box labeled **"*SUPER EXTREME STEROIDS*"** in the corner. "*Gear up, dudes. We're about to go to war,*" says **Macho Man**. Your comrades grab one crossbow, two dozen arrows, and one sword each, aside from **Macho Man**, who grabs two swords and no crossbow, and **The Rock**, who grabs only a crossbow and what looks like hundreds of arrows.

Is there anything you'd like to take before you leave?

[``> Take a crossbow with arrows, some oil bombs, and at least one of the most unusual and exotic looking weapons in the room.``](../31)

|[``< Previous page``](../29)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|