---
title: "Take a crossbow with arrows, some oil bombs, and at least one of the most unusual and exotic looking weapons in the room."
type: "single"
date: 2016-07-14T02:57:36+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You take a crossbow, a dozen arrows, a handful of oil bombs, and a baseball bat-shaped object with spikes on the end. The spikes glow red with heat, presumably generated by some protein-powered magic. **Vince** calls out from across the room, "*All set, **Gary**? I'm hankerin' to smash **Cena's** face in.*" You assume that he means you, and call back to **Vince** with a hearty "*Let's kick some ass.*" **Macho Man** smirks. "*Alright, let's go,*" says **Vince** to **The Rock**. He silently nods, and leads you back out the storeroom entrance. Your party, led by **The Rock**, begins walking towards what you think may be the palace.

"*Shouldn't be much farther,*" whispers **The Rock**. After a couple minutes, your squad reaches a ladder. **Macho Man** goes up first, and after making sure the coast is clear, motions for you to follow. When you reach the top of the ladder, you see that you've entered a massive refrigerator full of **raw eggs**. After you slowly scan the towering shelves of **eggs** for threats, you notice **The Rock**, **Vince**, and **El Disgusto** have joined you. "*From here, we make our way through the kitchens, up the dumbwaiters, and finally to a room adjacent the throne room,*" says **The Rock**. "*Let's fight our way through. I'm done with stealth, I want to break some skulls,*" says **Macho Man** while cracking his knuckles. "*Agreed. Do it,*" **Vince** says with a smile; "*It's been too long since I've seen some real action.*" **The Rock** nods in agreement. "*Everyone ready?*"

What weapon or weapons will you use in this engagement? Keep in mind, you do have limited ammo.

[``> Mainly use the unusual bat-like weapon, with the oil bombs for backup.``](../32)

|[``< Previous page``](../30)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|