---
title: "Ask the guard who he is and whose side he's on."
type: "single"
date: 2019-12-09T02:08:12+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Who are you,*" you mumble, prying yourself off the cold cage floor. "*Whose side are you on?*"

The man cocks his head to the side and smirks. "*Really, dude? You must not be from around here. Or maybe people just don't remember me. I've been out a' commission for a while now…*"

You suddenly notice that the wrestler has put on a black suit and tie. When did that happen? You don't have much time to think before he continues to talk.

"*The name's **Mankind**. I was thrown off this here cell about twenty years ago by **The Undertaker**. I didn't do so well, as you can see,*" he says, gesturing to his **spectral legs**. "*I usually hide 'em, but I trust ya. Most folks gettin' locked up here done nothin' wrong.*"

**Mankind** continues. "*Anyways, **The Undertaker** was real shook by that. He left wrestling forever and vowed to never hurt another man as long as he lived. Went real deep into his supernatural shit. Haven't heard much from him in a few years, but I hear rumors of magical explosions way out in the wilds. I'd bet my left arm that were him, if I could!*" **Mankind** chuckles again.

This is a lot of information to process after having been knocked out for what feels like approximately three and a half years. Did he answer everything you asked? Is he trustworthy himself? Why's a ghost-
"*Oh, and, kid…*"

**Mankind**, with a flick of the wrist, has conjured fire from nowhere.

"*I'm on whatever side is gunnin' for peace. That's you, ain't it?*"

**Mankind**, with a jet of fire, melts a hole in the chain-link fence.

---

You are in the center of the cell. **Mankind** stands next to the newly-formed exit. Whoever's brought you here has emptied your inventory. Your belongings may be nearby. Perhaps your friends are, too. Will **Mankind** come with you?

The cage is at the center of a large wrestling stadium. There is one staircase available to the southwest, with signs pointing down to the exit, and even further down to the basement. There are no visible **concession stands** or visible items of note.

What will you do?

[``> Grab a torch from one of the sconces, then ask Mankind if he wants to come along.``](../34)

|[``< Previous page``](../32)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|