---
title: "Search for supplies before leaving."
type: "single"
date: 2019-12-09T03:30:10+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You look through the basement for more supplies. You don't find much, aside from **two candles** and a **grill lighter**. You take them with you, just in case.

You make your way to the exit. You step outside the structure, and you're greeted with an old rusted gate. Looks like someone broke the lock to get in here.

After stepping over the gate, you begin to scan you're surroundings, and…

You're struck by the beauty of this place. The light hits the surrounding buildings as if it's the golden hour, but the sun is high overhead. You're surrounded by clouds. In fact, it looks like every building here is built on a cloud. That doesn't surprise you nearly as much as just how empty the streets are. There are no lights on in any of the buildings. It feels like a ghost town.

"*We're close to the **pantheon**,*" says **Mankind**. "*Everythin' up here is on clouds - businesses, apartments, you name it. I don't know how much it cost, but hell if it doesn't look grea-*"

Both of you snap towards an explosion in the distance. "*That a friend of yours?*" asks **Mankind**.

---

You're surrounded by a sea of clouds and a great number of potentially deserted homes. The explosion sounds like it came from quite a ways to the south-west.

Where do you go?

[``> Check the doors of some of the nearby buildings to see if any are open and anyone is inside.``](../37)

|[``< Previous page``](../35)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|