---
title: "Hold onto the tapes until I find my companions and continue exploring the city."
type: "single"
date: 2019-12-09T05:22:20+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You decide to hold on to the **tapes** for now. The safety of your friends are a much higher priority right now. Evidently, **Mankind** has different priorities, and starts waving you over.

"*Hoho! Just found one of **Vince** getting his ass beat by a **guy with shitty hair**! Forgot I stuck this in there. Look at this, man, look at this, this one's funny. Just hold on a sec-*"

You walk over to the TV **Mankind's** fiddling with and notice that it's branded as "***MEGAVOXX***." You're noticing a trend with the branding in this store…

**Mankind** inserts the tape of **Vince** fighting the "**guy with shitty hair**." The tape starts partway through - looks like someone didn't rewind it - directly at a part where a man is holding **Vince** on the ground and repeatedly punching him in the head. His face isn't visible, but his hair certainly is. You agree with **Mankind's** assessment. "*Oh, hold on, there's a better part, I remember, just wait a sec-*"

**Mankind** fast forwards through twenty minutes of video, until he stops on a very confusing sight. **McMahon** is being held down by two unrecognizable wrestlers while the "**bad hair guy**" shaves **McMahon's** head. Half the crowd is cheering, and the other half booing.

"***Mankind**, what's going on here? This doesn't look like wrestling.*" **Mankind** crosses his arms and nods his head. "*Yup. It isn't. This part really pissed **Vince** off!*" **Mankind's** smile turns neutral. "*Come to think of it, he stayed pissed for a while after that. Huh...*" **Mankind** thinks for a minute and shrugs. "*Probably nothing to it.*" The tape has been playing in the background - you realize that the bad hair guy has been talking for a while.

"*...like I win again, vapid **Vince**! You can't beat t-*"

The entire store shakes as another explosion hits. This one is very, very close by. The power momentarily goes out, and the tape stops playing. You can't help but feel that the man's voice was familiar, but you have little time to focus before you hear shouting voices outside.

"*Shit, need a gun, need a gun, need a gun...*" **Mankind** starts to look for a weapon. Is he mad? This is a video store, how could he-

"*YEAH BABY, HERE WE GO!*" **Mankind** pulls an **ornate shotgun** out from behind the counter. Why was that there? "*Let's go, kid,*" **Mankind** says with a bloodlust in his eyes you've not seen since your encounter with **Hogan's Hooligans**. Once again, you're very glad he's on your side.

You pull out your **prop pistol**. You remember hearing that blanks can still kill from up close, and you keep that in mind when considering your defense plan.

---

You might be about to step into a warzone. You have with you a **prop pistol** with three rounds, two **candles**, a **lighter**, an **orb of darkness**, and two **VHS tapes** of **John Cena** in his early years. 

**Mankind** has a **shotgun**, an indeterminate amount of shells, and an insatiable bloodlust.

What will you do first?

[``> Ask if Mankind knows more than he's letting on.``](../39)

|[``< Previous page``](../37)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|