---
title: "Put the tape back on and study the burger preparation intently."
type: "single"
date: 2019-12-11T05:23:20+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Against your better judgement, you put the **tape** back in and continue watching these **old men aggressively cooking food**. Hours pass as you watch them gorge themselves on **barbecued meat** and mug the **camera**.

Their **theme song** will never leave your head.

---

*The air was cold and the wind was light as **he** trudged forward through the snow. A slight breeze brought flakes down from the trees above. The smell of **applewood** and **hickory** lingered in the air. Murmurs of **prayers** came from ahead. **He** knew this was the day.*

*A dozen **Brothers** surrounded the **smoker**. As **he** approached, **they** cleared without a sound, and the ground lie bare in front of **them**. All were shrouded in **thick robes and hoods**. A sacred event, to be sure, but today was special. **He** began the **rites**.*

*The **group** broke out into **polyphonic overtones**. **His sleeves** fell as **he** held high a **slab of meat** – its **blood** dripping, its **scales** opalescent in the morning light. After a short silence, **he** lowered the slab. **His brothers** applied a **dry rub** of a dozen **herbs** and a hundred **spices**, meticulously gathered and precisely mixed. **He** gently placed the **slab** in the **smoker** and shut the door. Now, their true work began.*

---

“*Wow, this tape is really something,*” said **Gregory**. “*And they did this every week?*” “*You bet,*” replied **Macho Man**. “*Every **Tuesday**, new episodes. I remember this episode, actually. Dude in the back got a phone call about the **smoker’s extended warranty**. Guess whoever recorded this cut it out. No clue what happened to them, the show ended after this.*”

You have a feeling you should find out what happened to them.

---

*Nearly an age had passed. The growls from the **smoker** had long ceased, the glittering in the **fumes** had died, and the **woodchips** had all but been exhausted. The **brothers** grew restless. Had the **ritual** succeeded? **Had they finally done it?***

***He** began to open the door with hesitation. A twinge of fear came over **him**. “*Not since the **old times** has such a **beast** been brought to the **Smoke**,*” **he** thought. “*May the **gods adjacent** forgive us.*” And yet, as the **door** opened, **he** found **his** concerns unfounded. It was done. For the first time in a thousand years, the {{< rawhtml >}}<em style="color: gold">Tunnel Wyrm</em>{{</ rawhtml >}} had been prepared.*

---

After what feels like an eternity, your hypnotic trance is suddenly broken when **The Rock**, in a fit of rage like you've never seen from him before, rips the **tape** out with his bare hands and crushes it into a **fine powder**. *He didn't even stop the **VCR**!*

You hide the **other tape** behind your back without saying a word. Best not to push your luck any further. Besides, something about that footage felt off...

[``> Suggest that we split up and search the video store and any of the neighboring buildings for anything that might be useful, then meet up at the car in 20 minutes so we can get going.``](../42)

|[``< Previous page``](../41)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|