---
title: "Go into the apartment complex to look for a watch and see if anyone is inside."
type: "single"
date: 2020-01-17T05:05:03+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You're about to enter the apartment complex when **Mankind** and **Macho Man** run out of the building. **Macho Man** is holding an armful of **cream packets**, and is shouting "*OOOOHH YEEEAAHHH!!!*" at the top of his lungs. **Mankind**, on the other hand, is quietly beaming at the several **jewelry boxes** in his hands. You notice his forearms are covered in **watches**, too. Looks like it's your lucky day!

"*Hey, **Mankind**, can I have one of those?*" you ask timidly, half expecting him to threaten you. "*Sure, man.*" He tosses you a very nice timepiece, which appears to be stopped. "*What time is it?*" "*Like, three in the afternoon. Sharp,*" says **Mankind**, still looking at his loot. You decide to trust him and set the watch to three on the dot. While setting the watch, you note that it's branded as a "***Swolex Milgauss**.*"
 
**The Rock** exits the supplement store holding multiple **canisters of whey**. **The Ultimate Warrior** returns from the exercise equipment shop holding **three backpacks** and an **ornate sword**. He hands you a **backpack**.

"*This is a pretty basic **bag of holding**, **Greg**; go stick your stuff in here. I'm gonna link yours with mine and the rest of the gang's so we can share our stuff.*" You briefly think that this is an excellent idea before realizing that the rest of your squad has had packs the entire time. You cast this thought aside, knowing it would do no good to complain. 

"*Wait, who's the third one for?*" you ask. "*This is a spare in case one of ours gets damaged.*" "*Where are you going to keep it?*" "*In one of the other **bags of holding**, of course,*" states The Ultimate Warrior, matter-of-factly. 

"*But you're going to link it with the rest of them, right?*"

"*Yeah, of course.*"

"*But if it's linked with one of the bags, and you put it in another bag, isn't the spare inside itself? How does that work?*"

"*What?*"

"*They all share an interior, right? So if you put a bag into another bag, isn't the bag actually just inside itself?*"

**The Ultimate Warrior** appears flummoxed by this paradoxical quandary. He sits down on the curb and starts playing with the bags. Before you can press further, **Mankind** starts to shout. "*Hey, where's **dirt boy**? HEY **DIRT BOY**, IT'S BEEN TWENTY MINUTES!*" **El Disgusto** shambles out of the video store with nothing in hand. "*Oh, what's up, guys? We ready to go?*"

Seems like it. "*Alright, let's head out,*" says **Macho Man**. "***HQ** is north of here. Let's get in, kick ass, get **Vince**, and get out. Sound like a plan?*" Your party agrees. You look north and see a box-shaped skyscraper ascending into the low cloud-cover. That's **HQ**, you figure.

---

Your party is about to head toward "**HQ**," which, as of yet, has been unmentioned by your party.

You have a **prop pistol** with one round tucked into your waistband and a **lighter** in your pocket. Your party's shared **bag of holding** contains two **candles**, a depleted **orb of darkness**, six bottles of **tunnel drink**, an ornate **sword**, an ornate **shotgun**, a lot of ammo, even more **cream packets**, a ton of **jewelry**, a pound of **buff gabbagool**, and **whatever else I forgot about**. You have so many **things** now. I don't even know what you'd want to do with half of this. Your **1992 Toyota Corolla** is sitting parked on the curb.

Would you like to leave for **HQ**, or do something else?

[``> Tell everyone that I think we might be unprepared, and bring up what Mankind told me about The Undertaker and the explosions in the Wilds.``](../45)

|[``< Previous page``](../43)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|