---
title: "Ask him who he is before responding."
type: "single"
date: 2020-02-01T20:00:44+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You try to speak, but let out a slight groan. Looks like the **tunnel drink** really did a number on you. Or was it that thump you felt? "*Who are you,*" you ask the man. "*Where am I?*"

The man looks at you quizzically. "*With all due respect, you are the one naked on my doorstep; I feel like I deserve an explanation. I ask again, who are you?*"

You look down, realizing that you are, indeed, naked, lying on someone's doormat. Looks like all your things, including your **clothes**, got left behind after you slammed that bottle of **tunnel drink**.

"*My name's **Gregory**, I-*" "*Ah, you! Say no more. Please, come inside. I've been waiting for you.*" The man smiles and offers his hand to help you up. You reach out to grab it, and notice that you're still wearing your **Swolex watch**. You're confused, thinking it should've been left behind; but your confusion over how **tunnel drink** works is pushed aside by yet more confusion over the inside of this man's house.

You enter and are greeted by a single barren wood-paneled room. In the center are two stools on either side of a pedestal. On the pedestal rests an **opaque glass orb**. The man sits at one stool and gestures for you to sit at the other. You oblige.

"*Allow me to introduce myself,*" says the man. "*My name is **The Undertaker**. I believe you have a few questions for me. I will do my best to answer them.*"

---

You are sitting across from **The Undertaker**. You are completely naked, aside from your only possession: a **Swolex Milgauss wristwatch**.

What will you ask **The Undertaker**?

[``> Ask if he has any spare clothes.``](../49)

|[``< Previous page``](../47)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|