---
title: "Ask if I can at least borrow his jacket or something, and see if he has any info on the town before I go."
type: "single"
date: 2020-02-11T06:38:50+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*What town is it? And can I at least borrow a jacket, or pants? Anything?*" **The Undertaker** lets out a hearty laugh! "*No need! The town of **Loincloth** is a nudist colony!*" You're not a fan of this.

"*Alright, fine. Where is it?*" "*Head west! It's a coastal town. Keep walking until there's an ocean in your way, I'm sure you'll find it without issue, **Gregory**.*" You continue to pout. "*For the record, I don't like this.*" "*For the record, I don't care!*" **The Undertaker** continues chuckling as you leave his home. Well, time to head west…

Or so you think, until you realize the path from **The Undertaker's** home is eastward bound. Now that your **tunnel drink**-induced stupor has worn off, you notice that **The Undertaker's** home is surrounded by mangroves. The path east leads into a more wooded area. 

While scanning your surroundings, you turn around and notice that **The Undertaker's** home is missing. You speculate that this is due to some sort of **wrestling magic**, and at this point, you really don't have the energy to care. Behind the empty plot of land where **The Undertaker** used to live until thirty seconds ago, there is a **dinghy** sticking out of the water. There is a **pack of supplies** in the dinghy.

Will you head east and try to find a path on land, or try your luck in the mangroves?

[``> Raid the pack of supplies, then take the dinghy west through the mangroves.``](../52)

|[``< Previous page``](../50)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|