---
title: "Take the path through the brambly mangroves, hoping the Undertaker was right about the town being to the west."
type: "single"
date: 2020-03-30T18:43:59+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You decide to take the path through the **mangroves**. Before you leave, you decide to rest for a few minutes, and scour the beach for any materials you might find useful on your journey. You notice an **old rope** tied around a tree. Despite it being fairly old, you decide that it's better than nothing, and take it with you. After looking for a few more minutes, you decide the beach has no more trash you can reuse, and you push off into the dark brambles.

You continue on for what feels like hours. There are no turns and no changes of size in the path. The farther you go into the brambles, the darker it gets, and the less birds you hear. You're not sure if that's because it's getting dark out, or you're progressing into a place that you really shouldn't be.

Eventually, the path opens up. You find yourself in a circular area carved out of the brambles. There is a small grassy island in the center of the room. A shaft of moonlight illuminates the island, and a **ladder** heading up to what you presume is above the brambles. There is also a one-foot-wide **hole** directly next to the **ladder** with a skull and crossbones sign next to it. Having no other options, you tie the **boat** to the **ladder** with your **old rope**, but the **rope** snaps in half. Now you have a **shorter rope** to bring with you! How nice!

Will you venture up the **ladder**, or try to squeeze yourself into the **death pit**?

[``> Throw a rock into the hole and see if anything happens, and peak my head in to see if I can see anything if nothing does.``](../55)

|[``< Previous page``](../53)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|