---
title: "Go in and attempt to strike a conversation with the posing guys in the hopes that they can tell me what's going on."
type: "single"
date: 2020-07-14T23:49:29+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You enter the weird **fedora** bar. Your bizarre **rope diaper** coincidentally looks quite similar to the garments worn by the **sumos**, allowing you to blend in effortlessly. However, compared to the **sumo wrestlers**, your thin stature makes you look emaciated. You walk up to the posing men and strike up a conversation.

"*Hey, what show is this?*" One of the men stops to turn in your direction. The other remains posing. "*Oh hey man, this one is called **Zenzen Nihongo Ga Hanase Nai**, they always do these super funny poses that don't make any sense. Just look at **Jimmy** over there!*" He points to the other man, who evidently is named **Jimmy**. **Jimmy** is doing some sort of indescribable pose, and whispering things like "*... hold on, I can't get this, how does he stand at a 60-degree angle? ...*" The first man turns towards you again. "*Hilarious, right? Hey, what's your name dude?*"

What a friendly group of guys! "*I'm **Gregory**,*" you reply. "*Nice to meet you man. I'm **Mike**. Don't think I've seen you around town before, are you new here?*" "*Yeah, I just got to town a few minutes ago. I'm actually pretty lost, I don't suppose you can tell me where I am?*" **Mike** laughs. **Jimmy** is still doing weird poses a few feet away. "*Yeah! You're in **Torii Town**, but most visitors just call it **Sumo Village**. This is a **bar**, obviously. You want a **drink**?*" **Mike** gestures to the barstools over at the counter. "*Yeah, sure, thank you.*" 

You both sit down at the bar. "*Two **Onis***," **Mike** shouts to the barkeep. He returns quickly with two small cups filled with an **opaque green liquid**. **Mike** puts his back quickly. You take a single sip and have to hold back tears: it tastes like a salty energy drink. You continue to sip the drink and begin to feel a bit energized. You look back over at **Jimmy**, who is continuing to play twister solo by trying and failing to make these bizarre poses.

**Mike** turns to you. "*So what brings you to these parts?*"

What will you tell **Mike**?

[``> Tell Mike that the Undertaker sent you this way to look for alchemical reagents in a town named Loincloth, but that he didn't mention anything about sumo wrestlers on the way.``](../61)

|[``< Previous page``](../59)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|