---
title: "Check the wardrobe, nightstand and under the bed for anything useful before going to sleep."
type: "single"
date: 2020-09-25T04:07:57+00:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You search the room for anything left sitting around. The nightstand contains a medium-sized plain-covered **book** titled "*Wrestlemania's Greatest*" with a small "*placed by the **Gideons***" piece of text in the corner. You flip open the book to a list of famous wrestlers, photos, bios, interviews, and other tidbits of information about them.

You start flipping pages looking for your friends, and first come across the page on **Macho Man**.

---

> **Randy Macho Man Savage** was a wrestler famous for his leadership, gruff personality, and prowess in the ring. After many years of wrestling and community stewardship, he passed away from a **barbecue-induced heart attack**. His **spirit** was subsequently summoned by the community and granted eternal life as a ghost. He now spends his days as a nomad, wandering **Wrestlemania**. At time of writing, he was last sighted on the outskirts of lower **Wrestlympus**.
> 
> Friends: **The Rock**, **El Disgusto**, **John Cena** 
> 
> Enemies: "*Depends on how many more questions you got*" 
> 
> Likes: Wrestling, baseball, hats 
> 
> Dislikes: heart attacks 

---

Does that say he was friends with **John Cena**? What? You'll have to quiz him about that when you find him... You keep flipping around and find a page on **The Rock**.

---

> **The Rock** is a mysterious wrestler from a tribe of his peers. Not much is known about **The Rock** or his origins. Despite or perhaps because of his mysterious past, he has gathered quite a fanbase. His popularity exploded after appearing on the front cover of **WrestleMag** with fellow wrestler **John Cena**.
> 
> Friends: **John Cena**, **Macho Man**
>  
> Enemies: Unknown 
> 
> Likes: Unknown 
> 
> Dislikes: Unknown 

---

This is getting bizarre. Did your whole party know **Cena**? Why don't they seem to remember much of him or his powers? You keep looking and find a page on **El Disgusto**. The page is completely smudged with some sort of **slimy, muddy substance**. "*Yep, that tracks,*" you think to yourself, before looking up a page on **Mankind**.

---

> **Mankind** was a wrestler famous for adding over-the-top stunts and pyrotechnics to his stage shows. He passed away violently and spectacularly after being tossed off of his home ring, **Hell in a Cell**, by friend and colleague **The Undertaker**. He plummeted twenty feet and broke through an announcer's table before subsequently giving a thumbs up - now known as **Hell's Thumb** - dying seconds later. **Mankind** was later summoned by his fans and now lives out his days giving tours at **Hell in a Cell**, hanging out at gun stores, and drinking with his friends at many of **Wrestlympus's** bars.
> 
> Due to the violent nature of his death, **Mankind** has often been asked whether he regrets doing his stunts, but has never given a straight answer. In a previous interview in **Wrestlympus** Today, we asked **Mankind** about his feelings on the situation.
> 
> "*Hell no, I don't regret it,*" he tells us. "*Don't have anything against **The Undertaker** either. That shit was **crazy**! The fans LOVED the thumbs up!*" We asked him why he hasn't been seen with **The Undertaker** since the incident. "*Says he's done wrestling. I tried to stop him, but that's his business, not mine. Go ask him.*" After that, he walked outside and started juggling **fireballs**. Classic **Mankind**!
> 
> Friends: The Undertaker 
> 
> Enemies: *Editor's note: When we asked **Mankind** if he had any enemies, he started cursing out the interviewer, heard something outside, broke a **beer bottle** on the table, and ran away.*
> 
> Likes: Stunts, Hanging with the fellas, his loyal fans 
> 
> Dislikes: Nerds, bureaucrats 

---

Guess that explains some backstory. It's getting a little late, so you put the **book** down and explore the rest of the room. In the wardrobe you find some spare **blankets**, which you take. You peer under the bed, verify that there aren't any **monsters**, and go to bed.

You wake up hours later with light pouring through the lone window. It's probably time to go find that **geomancer**, but your options are open. What will you do?

[``> Go downstairs and ask the bartender who the geomancer is and where I can find him.``](../69)

|[``< Previous page``](../67)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|