---
title: "Grab one of the newspapers while wandering the street in the general direction the bart ender sent me."
type: "single"
date: 2020-12-17T21:26:00-05:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You grab a discarded **newspaper** off the ground. The paper is in at least five different scripts that you can’t read, and one that you’re fairly sure isn’t even a real language. The front page features none other than **El Disgusto** holding up what looks like a **large rodent**. You really, really wish you had context for this. 

The first three pages appear to be actual news, whereas the next twenty are just comics and ads for things. Some appear to be well-drawn with almost ornate art, and others are crude and almost look scribbled on.

You go up to one of the **sumos** shouting news and ask him about the paper. “*Hey, I’m not from around here, can you read this?*” The man shakes his head. “*No, absolutely not. You think I can read?*” “*Well, do you at least know what’s going on with this guy on the front page?*” The man smiles.

The man explains to you, in depth, the events of the previous day. Evidently, **El Disgusto** won something called the “***rodent bowl***” in the faraway town of **Savagegrad**. The **rodent bowl**, held yearly to cut down **Savagegrad’s** rat population, was rendered obsolete by **El Disgusto**, who managed to capture every single rat in the town.

“*It’s really incredible. How do you even do that? What do rats like? Trash?*” “*Oh, definitely,*” you say before thanking the man and walking off. Interesting. Well, now you know where **El Disgusto** is surviving, and thriving, after drinking the **tunnel drink**. Maybe **Tokidoki** can tell you where that is.

Is there anything else you’d like to do, or would you like to continue searching for the **geomancer**?

[``> Check with the locals to confirm where Tokidoki is, and head in his direction.``](../71)

|[``< Previous page``](../69)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|