---
title: "Check with the locals to confirm where Tokidoki is, and head in his direction."
type: "single"
date: 2020-12-25T21:35:00-05:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You spot a **sumo** sitting on a bench reading a **newspaper**. This person is clearly smarter than the **rat enthusiast** you just talked to. You walk over and inquire about **Tokidoki**.

“*Hey, excuse me, I hear there’s a **geomancer** around here named **Tokidoki**, do you know where I can find him?*” The **stranger** points down the street without looking up from his **paper**.. “*Down there, take the second right. Little ways down the road. Can’t miss it.*” You thank the man and walk off.

After a few minutes of walking, you find the second street on your right, and immediately notice how drab this area is… Is the fabled **geomancer** really here? You notice that there are thick **cobwebs** on some of the unlit neon signage. Is that even possible in the open air?

You find a **string of webs** hanging down from what looks like a closed **noodle shop**. The web is clearly fake, having been woven from string. This is very strange. Perhaps this drabness is by design…

You find a lit neon sign - the only lit sign in sight - with the characters “*地図*” written on it. This must be the place. The door is made from some sort of **faux-bamboo** material. You open the door.

You are greeted by a shop much more upscale than the bar you left earlier. The interior is furnished with various rocks on pedestals and trinkets in cases. Intricate woven tapestries of far-off lands adorn the walls. There are several plants interspersed throughout the room, including several bonsais. Across from you is a counter, and behind the counter is a **rotund man** with his hair in a topknot, who appears to be inspecting a large **geode**. Perhaps this is the **geomancer** you seek.

You walk up to the counter. “*Hi, I’m looking for a **geomancer** by the name of **Tokidoki**; am I in the right place?*” The man, mildly startled by your presence, looks up. “*Ah, yes, you are in the right place, I am he. May I help you?*”

What will you ask **Tokidoki**?

[``> Tell Tokidoki that I was sent this direction by the Undertaker to search for scrying reagents in the town of Loincloth, but wound up here instead.``](../72)

|[``< Previous page``](../70)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|