---
title: "Tell Tokidoki that I was sent this direction by the Undertaker to search for scrying reagents in the town of Loincloth, but wound up here instead."
type: "single"
date: 2020-12-26T20:06:00-05:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*I was sent this way by **The Undertaker** to find **scrying reagents** in **Loincloth**, but I wound up here. I’ve been trying to get directions, and eventually-*” “*You were directed to **me**,*” **Tokidoki** interjects. “*As many have been before you, and many after. A **cartographer** is no signpost; I tell them this, they never learn. Alas. Yes, I can help you, at cost.*” You go to pretend to check your pockets for money. Luckily, **Tokidoki** stops you before you realize you’re wearing a weird rope diaper with no pockets. “*No no no, this is unnecessary,*” he says while waving his hands. “*When you are in **Loincloth**, you may run an errand for me, if you wish.*” You raise an eyebrow.

“*What sort of errand?*” **Tokidoki** points to the **geode** he was inspecting prior to your entry. “*There is a **mine owner** whose dealings I am intertwined with. You must retrieve from him a **mineral** similar to this. I will provide you **transportation**. Do you agree?”

Hmm. **Tokidoki** is a perplexing man, but this could be a good deal if it gets you to **Loincloth**. But how exactly will he get you there?

“*What sort of transportation?*” **Tokidoki** lets out a hearty laugh. “*I am a **geomancer**, of course! I can move the earth where it is needed, should I have **imagery** of the location, and **visage** of the transported.*”

This gives you an idea, perhaps one of the best ideas of your life. You’re holding a **newspaper** with **El Disgusto’s** face on it! You can get him here without the reagents with **Tokidoki’s** help! You show the **newspaper** to **Tokidoki**. “*If I bring you what you’re looking for, can you bring me to **this guy**?*” “*Indeed.*” He nods his head. “*But you first must bring the **mineral**! I see your interest, but I ask again, do you agree with my terms?*”

Do you agree with his terms?

[``> Politely inquire about what’s so special about the mineral.``](../73)

|[``< Previous page``](../71)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|