---
title: "Go up and check out the fence."
type: "single"
date: 2021-02-14T02:47:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You go up and inspect the **fence** you saw moments ago. It’s made of wood and notably grayed after years of weathering. Just beyond the fence is a **path**. You hop the fence and start walking.

It’s not long before you reach a nice **seaside town**. You see a number of English townhouses, which are remarkably similar to those near your former home - the one you shared with your former roommate turned enemy, **John Cena** - and a well-worn wooden signpost. “***Loincloth**,*” it says, as you’d expected. “*Time to see the **nudist town**,*” you sigh.

You walk a bit further coming to the town’s gate, and enter. The town is, as far as you can tell, not full of **nudists**, but rather **tribesmen**; everyone’s wearing **fur garments** and **loincloths**. “*Alright,*” you think, “*at least I came a little prepared.*” Both relieved and disappointed that the town is not, in fact, full of **nudists**, you continue on, looking for a **mine**.

Eventually, you see several large **pieces of machinery** over a fence. “*Perhaps this is the **mine**,*” you think, before coming across the **mine’s office**. A proper seer, you are. You congratulate yourself with a job well done and enter the office wearing your **rope diaper**.

You spot what appears to be the front desk, staffed by a woman wearing exactly what you’d expect for the town you’re in, and walk towards it. “*Hello, I’m here to pick up a **geode**,*” you say. “*Oh, **Johnny** said someone would be here for that,*” she says. “*Though, he did say he’d be a bit larger than yourself. Who did you say you were again?*”

“*I’m **Gregory**,*” you say, “***Tokidoki** asked me to come by and get a **geode** for him.*” She flashes a knowing smile. “*Ah, gotcha,*” she says, and pops below the counter, presumably for your **geode**. She mutters something before popping back up. “*Sorry, looks like **Johnny** forgot to drop it off here. Feel free to take a seat in the lobby or come back in an hour or two, I’m sure he’ll be here soon.*”

What will you do?

[``> Hit on the receptionist.``](../76)

|[``< Previous page``](../74)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|