---
title: "Ask about the reagents, and if she's heard anything about my friends' activity or whereabouts."
type: "single"
date: 2024-03-29T02:21:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Nice to meet you **Ethyl**, some kind of wrestler wizard named **The Undertaker** actually sent me this way to look for **scrying reagents**. I was told your shop here was the best place to look.*" The old **shaman's** eyes perk up at your mention of **The Undertaker**. "*Oh lovely, you must be **The Undertaker's** newest apprentice! He's always been one of my top customers you know. It's been ages since he's taken on a new apprentice, not since that **incident** with the **president** and that **monkey**...*" **Ethyl** pauses to take a sip of her tea. You're interested in this **incident** she's referring to, but she continues to talk before you can say anything. "*Anyways, of course I can provide you with the **reagents** for his **scrying spell**, how much were you looking for?*"

Once again, you're left feeling irritated by how little information your allies have given you. "*Actually, he never specified how much he needed. If it helps we were planning to scry on five different people, and I've got about **2500 Gold** with me...*" **Ethyl** chuckles before responding. "*Oh that certainly sounds like **The Undertaker** alright, but I think I can work with what you've told me. And don't worry about the cost dearie, I can spare a sampling of **reagents** for my favorite customer.*" Before you can say anything else, **Ethyl** disappears back through the doorway.

You're left on your own for several minutes, occasionally hearing the sounds of movement and **Ethyl** humming from further in the house. Finally, after probably about 10 minutes of waiting, the **shaman** returns carrying a large **leather sack**. The **sack** is bound with twine, and a rolled-up **parchment scroll** is tied up with it. "*Here you are dearie, one **pouch of scrying reagents** just the way **The Undertaker** likes them.*" She reached across the counter to hand you the **pouch**, which you tuck away into your increasingly heavy and unwieldy **pack**. You're really starting to miss your **bag of holding**. "*Now then, is there anything else I can help you with?*" 

"*Yes actually, I recently got separated from a few of my friends. Out of curiosity have you heard any news recently about some wrestlers named **Macho Man**, **The Rock**, **El Disgusto**, **The Ultimate Warrior** or **Mankind**?*" **Ethyl** looks surprised by the question. "*Oh my, well you must be some kind of **wrestling prodigy** if you can call all those big names your friends! Unfortunately, I can't say I've heard much news about any of them recently, though. I did see an article in today's paper about a luchador named **El Disgusto** finally ending **Savagegrad's** rat problem, but that's about it. Do you need anything else?*"

Is there anything else you'd like to ask the **shaman**? 

[``> Ask about the incident she mentioned, and if there's anything else I should check out while I'm in town, then quickly make my way back to the mine.``](../85)

|[``< Previous page``](../83)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|