---
title: "Ask about the incident she mentioned, and if there's anything else I should check out while I'm in town, then quickly make my way back to the mine."
type: "single"
date: 2024-03-30T01:49:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Actually, what was that you were saying earlier about an **incedent** with a **monkey**?*" 

"*Hmm, oh that? I'm surprised **The Undertaker** didn't tell you that story already. You see, before you came along the last time **The Undertaker** took on an **apprentice** was about five years ago. Old **President McMahon** himself came by and personally asked him to mentor some kind of **hyper-intelligent ape**. Apparently he wanted him to keep quiet about it too, the president was adamant that no one find out about the **ape**.*" You're shocked by this new development, could that ape have been **Bubungo**? Dozens of questions now race through your mind. 

"*That's bizarre, why did **Vince** want **The Undertaker** to mentor an **ape**?*" **Ethyl** considers the question for a moment as she takes another sip of **tea**. "*It's hard to say. According to **The Undertaker**, all he was told was that it was for a secret plan to get animals into wrestling. I don't think he bought that explanation, though. Especially not after what **the president** and **his ape** did.*" Somehow this mystery keeps getting deeper.

"*What happened, what did they do?*" You ask excitedly, though from *Ethyl's** face you're getting the impression she's growing tired of the questions. "*I don't know the full details, dearie. All I know is that **The Undertaker** somehow discovered the **ape** had been stealing **potions** and **reagents** behind his back. He refused to say what he was doing with the stolen goods, so **The Undertaker** kicked him out. That was the last time he ever took an apprentice.*"

Your mind is left spinning from this bombshell of a revalation. "*Thank you for the details, **Ms. Ethyl**. I think I'm gonna need to ask **The Undertaker** some questions when I get back to him. Speaking of, before I leave town is there anything you recommend I do or see?*" "*Nothing much comes to mind. We have a **mine** and a **ferry** to a few of the nearby towns, but **Loincloth** isn't exactly a hotspot for tourists.*"

Satisfied with the information you've been provided, you thank the **shaman** for her help and excuse yourself from her shop. Upon stepping outside you notice the Sun is now almost directly overhead. Realizing it must be nearly noon, you hurry back across town to the mine.

Speedwalking through town, you retrace your steps and finally make it back to the **front office of the mine** after about half an hour. Upon entering the building you're somewhat relieved to notice the **receptionist** you failed to chat up earlier is no longer at the desk, and a muscular **middle-aged man** has taken her place. You walk up to the desk once again and address the man. "*Hello, I was here earlier to pick up a **geode** for **Tokidoki**. The **receptionist** I spoke to earlier asked me to come back later and ask for **Johnny**, would that be you?*"

The man smiles, "*Ah yes, I've been expecting you. **Sharon** told me a courier was here to pick up **Tokidoki's order**, I have it right here.*" **Johnny** reaches under the desk and produces a **purple geode**, which he places in front of you. "*Will that be all?*"

"*Thank you, I think so.*" You pick up the **geode** in front of you and somehow manage to squeeze it into your **pack**, then exit the building the way you came in.

----

You're standing in front of the **Loincloth mine**. You are still wearing nothing but a **rope** tied awkwardly around your waist, and are carrying a **pack** within which you've somehow squeezed a **first-aid kit**, an **emergency sleeping bag**, a **canteen**, a **multitool**, a **pouch** containing **2470 Gold**, a **bushel of apples**, a **sack of beans**, two **cans of corn**, two **tubs of whey**, a sealed **sack of scrying reagents**, and a **geode**. This bag easily weighs over **100 pounds**. You really miss your **bag of holding**. And your **pants**.

What will you do? 

[``> Suddenly realize that Tokidoki and The Undertaker never actually told you how to get back, and go check out the ferry the shaman mentioned.``](../86)

|[``< Previous page``](../84)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|