---
title: "Suddenly realize that Tokidoki and The Undertaker never actually told you how to get back, and go check out the ferry the shaman mentioned."
type: "single"
date: 2024-03-30T23:28:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

With all of your chores in **Loincloth** finally squared away, you figure you should probably start making your way back to **Tokidoki** and **The Undertaker**. You initially consider returning in the direction of the **beach** you arrived at, before remembering that you arrived via **geomancy** and don't actually know where **Loincloth** is in relation to **Sumo Town** or **The Undertaker's cabin**. Instead, remembering the **shaman's** mention of a **ferry**, you start walking back into town.

While you're not familiar with the layout of **Loincloth** beyond the few roads you've already traveled today, you do spot signage along the sides of the main roads giving directions to a **wharf**. You follow the signs for several minutes before eventually ending up at the top of a hill looking south towards the ocean. From here you can see the road does indeed eventually lead to a series of docks and small buildings along the seaside, which you assume is the wharf. You can see a number of people walking along the docks, along with a number of boats and ships of all shapes and sizes.

Following the road the remainder of the way to the wharf, you notice the majority of the docks you pass are gated and marked with signage indicating they're for private commercial use. You start to think you may have gone the wrong way, but near the end of the road you finally spot an open dock marked with a sign reading "***FERRY***". The sign is attached to a small shack with a service window, and next to the window is a very rough map of a seashore marked with names, travel times and charter prices for travel to nearby towns.

- Destination: ***Loincloth***
  - Travel Time: *ur here*
    - Fare: *dont be stupid*
- Destination: ***Sumo Town***
  - Travel Time: *4 hours*
    - Fare: *20 Gold*
- Destination: ***Dragon's Hollow***
  - Travel Time: *10 hours*
    - Fare: *55 Gold*

----

You are at the wharf in **Loincloth**, next to the dock for the ferry. You're wrapped in a **rope** and carrying a **cumbersome pack** full of **emergency supplies**, **food**, a **geode**, a **pouch of reagents**, and **2470 Gold**.

What will you do?

[``> Briefly consider abandoning your responsibilities to check out Dragon's Hollow, then reluctantly take the ferry back to Sumo Town.``](../87)

|[``< Previous page``](../85)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|