---
title: "Exit the dock and try to find my way back to the geomancer."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-02T02:59:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You follow the **boardwalk** north into the **mangroves**. Your path remains straight, very gradually leading up into the dense treetops, and after several minutes of walking you finally find yourself surrounded in the familiar faux-asian buildings of **Sumo Town**. In fact, the area of the town you emerge into is actually more familiar than you expected. To your surprise, you find yourself directly opposite the ladder you climbed the first time you arrived in **Sumo Town**!

Despite recognizing your surroundings, it takes a moment for you to actually get your bearings. Even though you only departed **Sumo Town** for **Loincloth** this morning, in your head it feels like you haven’t seen these streets in years. Funny how the mind works. However the feeling quickly passes, and you begin retracing your steps back to **Tokidoki’s map shop**.

After a few minutes of walking you manage to find your way back to **Tokidoki’s shop** without issue. Entering the shop, you find **Tokidoki** still sitting behind the front desk, now wearing a **pair of glasses** and sketching a **map** onto a **piece of parchment** with a **quill**. The **geode** he was inspecting this morning is now sitting on a small **plinth** at the corner of his desk. He looks up at you and takes off his **glasses** as you approach the counter.

“*Ah, you return to me. Very good. Have you fulfilled your end of our **bargain**?*”

What will you say to the **geomancer**?

[``> Hand over the geode, then ask if there's some way to send me to El Disgusto after returning to The Undertaker with the reagents.``](../89)

|[``< Previous page``](../87)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|