---
title: "Hand over the geode, then ask if there's some way to send me to El Disgusto after returning to The Undertaker with the reagents."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-02T02:51:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

You remove the **geode** from your pack and pass it to **Tokidoki**, who begins carefully looking it over. "*Ah yes, a very fine specimen. I thank you for retrieving this for me.*" He reaches under the counter and produces a **small decorative stand**, which he places on the corner of the desk opposite his **original geode**. He then sits the **new geode** on the stand and takes a moment to adjust its placement. "*As you have upheld your side of our deal, I too will uphold mine. I have held onto the **newspaper** depicting **your friend**, if you would like me to deliver you to his location I will do so.*"

“*Actually, I still have some business to attend to in this area. There’s a man named **The Undertaker** who lives nearby that I also need to make a delivery for. Would it be possible for you to send me in **El Disgusto’s** direction after I sort out my business with him?*” **Tokidoki** casts an irritated look at you, evidently he isn’t thrilled about this delay.

“*While I appreciate you running my errand, do realize my patience has limits. If you still have business to attend to then I will give you **24 hours** to return to me. Any longer and I will consider our agreement forfeit.*” You consider **Tokidoki's** offer, but part of you had been hoping he could assist with returning to **The Undertaker** as well. “*Would you be able to use your geomancy to get me to **The Undertaker** more quickly, at least?*” **Tokidoki** sighs and shakes his head. “*I am a busy man, and our agreement was for one trip in exchange for your errand. Moreover, while I have heard whispers of this “**Undertaker**” living near the outskirts of **Dragon’s Hollow** to the east, he is known to be reclusive. As such I would be unable to provide you transportation even if I wanted to. Now, unless you have changed your mind, please leave me to my work.*”

You nod and turn to exit the shop as **Tokidoki** slides his **glasses** back on and returns to his **map**. “*Remember, return here before I close my shop tomorrow night or our deal is broken.*”

----

You are in **Sumo Town**, in front of **Tokidoki’s** map shop. You have **24 hours** until **Tokidoki** rescinds his offer. You are still wearing nothing but a **rope diaper**, and carrying a **pack** containing a **pouch of reagents**, **emergency supplies**, **food**, and **2445 Gold**.

What will you do?

[``> Make a bee-line for The Undertake's hut so I can get these errands done and move on with my life.``](../90)

|[``< Previous page``](../88)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|