---
title: "Suggest scrying on Bubungo, since The Undertaker seems to have had a history with him already; then ask him if he can tell me anything about Dragon's Hollow."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-13T01:51:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*I think I want to scry on an ape I encountered named **Bubungo**, that **shaman** made it sound like you might know him. Also, would you be able to tell me a bit about a nearby village I've been hearing about? It's called **Dragon's Hollow**.*"

**The Undertaker** stares at you with a confused look on his face. "*What an odd question to bring up at the start of a **scrying ritual**. Yes, I know of **Dragon’s Hollow**. It's a small **fishing village**, only about a 20 minute walk down the road from here. I purchase **fish** from the **local traders** periodically, but it's fairly unremarkable. Now then, I was under the impression you wanted to scry on multiple people, and you have provided me with enough reagents for five visions, yet you have given me only one name. I cannot stop the ritual once it has begun, so if you wish to see more than one vision then please provide me with all the names you seek.*"

Looks like **The Undertaker** wants to know all five of your **scrying targets** before the ritual can begin. 

What will you tell him?

[``> Put aside your actual mission and ask to scry on your ex-girlfriend instead.``](../91a)

[``> Struggle to come to terms with the fact that a place called Dragon's Hollow could be so uninteresting, then explain my plan to spy on our mutual enemy and share the names of my friends for the scrying ritual.``](../92)

|[``< Previous page``](../90)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|