---
title: "Struggle to come to terms with the fact that a place called Dragon's Hollow could be so uninteresting, then explain my plan to spy on our mutual enemy and share the names of my friends for the scrying ritual."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-13T03:59:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: true
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["Projects"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*Wait, you mean to tell me that after all the insane places I've seen in this messed up country a town with a name like **Dragon’s Hollow** is just a fishing village?! I've seen **cities built on clouds**, a **treetop village** full of **sumo wrestlers**, even a stupid town straight out of the **Flintst**...*"

**The Undertaker** abruptly cuts you off, "*Calm yourself, **Gregory**. This rant is unimportant, what is important is our **ritual**. Now please, take a deep breath and tell me who you wish to scry on.*" 

You take a breath and manage to calm yourself. "*Okay. I know where one of my friends is now, but I still want to scry on **Macho Man**, **The Rock**, **The Ultimate Warrior**, and **Mankind**. As for the fifth, I want to look in on the ape **Bubungo** to see what he's up to.*"

"*Very well. Please, join me here at my **crystal ball**.*" **The Undertaker** ushers you towards the **crystal ball** in the back of the room. You sit on a **stool** next to the ball, and he sits down across from you. He then begins digging through an **inner pocket** of his **long leather trench coat** for a few moments, before suddenly producing a large **metal censer**. *Where did that come from?* 

While you ponder **The Undertaker's** magics, he empties your **pouch of reagents** into the **censer** and hangs it from a hook on the underside of the crystal ball's **pedestal**. He then produces a **box of matches** from his sleeve and lights a match. "*We are ready, place your hands on the ball and we will begin.*"

You do as **The Undertaker** says and gently rest your hands on the cold **crystal ball**. He then lights the **censer**, which begins filling the room with a dark, acrid **smoke**. "*We shall begin. Close your eyes, steady your breathing, and think carefully about the individuals you wish to see. Think of their names, their faces, all the details you can recall about them.*" You close your eyes tightly and begin picturing the faces of **Macho Man**, **The Rock**, **The Ultimate Warrior**, **Mankind** and **Bubungo** in your mind.

From the dark nothingness behind your eyelids you begin to see occasional flashes of color, like quick bursts of multicolored lightning in a dark, distant stormcloud. Steadily these flashes become brighter, more intense and more frequent, and soon your vision is encompassed by a turmoil of swirling colors breaking through a dark fog. Soon, the colors and fog begin to break, and a familiar face emerges.

In the vision you see **Macho Man**, though you hardly recognize him without his usual flamboyant outfit. He is currently chatting with a **young man** you don't recognize, with a **sledgehammer** in one hand and a **cream packet** in the other. Around them you can make out a number of other young-looking individuals, some carrying **construction supplies** as they move between familiar looking stone buildings and towers. After a moment you recognize this area as the main courtyard of **Hollow Hold**. You gather **Macho Man** may be assisting in the school's reconstruction after the assault from **Hogan's Hooligans**. Your eyes cloud over as the vision ends.

Next you see **The Rock**, sitting and meditating in the morning sun atop a **carved stone plinth**. All around him as far as the eye can see are nothing but **headstones**, **steles** and **tombs** of all shapes and sizes, and despite the clear sky overhead the ground appears to be cloaked in a thick fog. Surrounding the base of the monument you can make out half a dozen **muscular figures**, each wearing a **heavy hooded** robe and standing in a circle. Before you can make out any additional details the vision fades once again.

Next, you get an extreme closeup of **The Ultimate Warrior's** face. You're immediately concerned as he appears to be foaming at the mouth, and his eyes are severely bloodshot. Glancing around you realize he is also completely naked, and is currently contained in some sort of **cage** constructed from thick wooden beams. Surrounding the cage you can see four identical copies of **The Rock**, each pointing a spear at **The Ultimate Warrior**. What happened here, was he somehow captured by **The Rock's** tribe? The vision fades away before you can question the situation further.

In the next vision you see **Mankind**, who to your surprise is still wearing his original clothes and carrying his **ornate shotgun**. He is crouching behind a **ruined wall**, speaking to a small **group of wrestlers** you don't recognize. Everyone in his group is wearing various bits of **tactical gear** and carrying a variety of **weapons**, and in the periphery you can see they are surrounded in the rubble of ruined buildings and the waxy remains of dead **Cena clones**. The ruins remind you of the buildings in **Wrestlympus**, but surely the city couldn't have sustained this much damage this quickly? Your eyes cloud over again before you can think any more on the subject.

Finally you focus on the image of **Bubungo**, but to your surprise you instead see **Vince's** face, still floating in **translucent green fluid** with his eyes closed just as when you last saw him. You try to glance around the room, but all you see is darkness with the tube he is suspended in serving as the only source of light. Suddenly, **Vince's** eyes dart open and he stares directly at you with a vicious scowl. You suddenly feel a jolt backwards, as if being pulled out of the vision by force.

With your final vision finished, the swirling vortex of color fades back to nothingness. Opening your eyes you are greeted by the face of **The Undertaker**, smiling and looking at you expectantly.

"*The ritual is complete. Were you able to find the knowledge you were seeking?*" You cough to clear your throat of the smoke. "*I... think so? It looks like all my friends are all over the place. **Macho Man** looked like he was at **Hollow Hold**, **The Rock** is in some kind of giant graveyard, **The Ultimate Warrior** has been locked up by **The Rock's** tribe, I think **Mankind** was in **Wrestlympus**... plus **El Disgusto** is off in **Savagegrad** and I don't even know where that is! I also got a concerning vision of **Vince**, it was almost like he could tell I was scrying on him somehow. I couldn't even make out **Bubungo**, only **Vince**.*"

**The Undertaker** looks you over for a moment, then stands up from his **stool** and extends his hand to help you up as well. "*Well, it seems we have much to do, and a lot of ground to cover.*" Stumbling to your feet, it takes you a moment to realize what he has said to you.

"*Wait... we?*" **The Undertaker** chuckles before responding. "*I've been living life as a hermit for far too long, and you've proven to me that you have what it takes to make a real change in the world. Plus, I believe I owe my help to a certain **mutual friend** of ours.*"

{{< align "center" >}}*How unexpected, **The Undertaker** has joined your Party!*{{</ align >}}

"*Well **Gregory**, you're the leader. Where to first?*”

[``> Explain my arrangement with Tokidoki, then prepare to catch up with El Disgusto in Savagegrad.``](../93)

|[``< Previous page``](../91)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|