---
title: "Explain my arrangement with Tokidoki, then prepare to catch up with El Disgusto in Savagegrad."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-14T03:11:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

"*We actually don't need to go very far, I ran into a **geomancer** named **Tokidoki** while I was cutting through **Sumo Town** and he agreed to use his powers to get me to **Savagegrad**.*" You notice **The Undertaker's** face drop the moment you mention **Sumo Town**. "*Gross, why the hell did you cut through **Sumo Town**? Most folks stay far away from that place unless they've got some kinda **diaper fetish** going on.*" he glances briefly at your makeshift **rope diaper**. "*Uh, no offense.*"

"*Hey, you're the one who sent me out without any **clothes**, and it's not like you gave me the best directions either.*" **The Undertaker** mutters something unintelligible under his breath as you both exit his home. Just as before, the building disappears the moment it leaves your line of sight. **The Undertaker** then walks over to the ragged **rowboat** and plants himself in the rowing seat, then ushers you to join him. You hurry over to join him in the boat, and he shoves off from the shore as you settle down into the seat. 

As **The Undertaker** begins to row west, you suddenly remember he evaded one of your questions earlier. “*You know… the **shaman** in **Loincloth** suggested you knew about **Bubungo**, but when I brought it up earlier you kinda evaded the question. Think you could tell me more about that now?*” **The Undertaker** lets out a sigh before responding. "*Yeah you're right, I knew **Bubungo**. I take it ol' **Ethyl** told you the story of when **President McMahon** asked me to take on his **pet monkey** as an apprentice?*"

"*Yeah, she told me a bit about it. She said **Vince** asked you to take him in as your apprentice, and that he seemed promising until you found him stealing your stuff.*" **The Undertaker** grimaces a bit in response. You can tell this isn’t a pleasant memory for him.

"*Yeah, that about sums it up. I haven't exactly been in the **President's** good graces since I dropped out of the pro scene, but kicking out **Bubungo** really pissed him off like nothing else. Also truth be told, as skilled as that ape was, something always seemed off about him. Like even more off than just being a **talking wrestle-monkey** I mean. It felt like he was fake, everything from the way he moved to how he talked seemed less like an actual animal and more like some kinda **gorilla-shaped robot** trained to act like an amateur wrestler. Frankly I think the **President** seemed pretty off too, but I swear he's been getting more and more off his rocker ever since I quit.*"

This is getting more bizarre by the minute. You and your friends all teamed up with **Vince** without question, but is it possible he wasn’t what he seemed? You start to ask for more details about why **Vince** seemed off his rocker, but **The Undertaker** quickly interrupts before you can say anything more. “*Look kid, that was a dark time in my life that I’m not in the mood to re-live right now. Maybe once we find the fellas you’re looking for I’ll tell you more, but that’s a conversation for another time.*” While disappointed by this response, you don’t argue and drop the subject.

The rest of the voyage is relatively calm and quiet; calm enough, in fact, that you fall asleep almost immediately. Evidently your decision to row all the way here last night instead of sleeping has finally caught up with you. After what feels like no time at all you are startled awake by **The Undertaker's** voice just as he starts bringing the boat to shore. "*Welp, here we are. Let's get a move on and find that **diaper chief** of yours.*" You get the distinct impression he doesn't want to be here. Nevertheless, you jump out of the boat and take the lead, guiding **The Undertaker** up into town and along the streets to the **map shop**. As usual you find **Tokidoki** sitting behind the front desk, this time inspecting a **clear crystal** with a magnifying glass.

"*You are nothing if not punctual...*" he begins, before immediately adopting a sour look on his face upon noticing **The Undertaker** behind you "*Ah, and I see you've brought a **guest**. Charming.*" **The Undertaker** pushes himself in front of you. "*Alright **Mr. Hokey Pokey**, I'm not here for small talk. Just do your **magic geology mumbo jumbo** so we can find our **missing friend**.*"

**Tokidoki** glances back at you with a judgemental look in his eyes, and takes a moment to respond. "*Very well. While passage for two was not part of our original agreement, I am willing to make an exception if it means never needing to see your **pointy-hatted friend** here again. Please, join hands and I will send you fine gentlemen on your way.*" 

You and **The Undertaker** begrudgingly do as **Tokidoki** says. He then glances at both of you, then at the **newspaper clipping** of **El Disgusto** still sitting on his desk, then finally snaps his fingers. Suddenly, the ground opens up beneath you and everything goes dark.

When you finally emerge you're immediately struck by a **bitterly frigid cold** completely encompassing your nearly-naked form. Clambering to your feet and looking around, you realize you've been deposited into a **snowbank** on the outskirts of a **small town**. You also spot **The Undertaker**, who is lying face down in the **snowbank** next to you and grumbling angrily to himself. "*I swear I'm gonna burn that **god damn diaper town** to the ground.*" He manages to free himself from the snow as well and spots the town in the distance. "*Ugh, bastard got us most of the way there at least. Ready to go, **Greg**?*"

---

You're currently freezing your **rope-covered butt** off near the outskirts of **Savagegrad**. You are still carrying your **pack** containing food, supplies, and a **pouch** containing **2445 Gold**. Shall you make your way into town?

[``> Go to the town and immediately hunt down the warmest, least diaper-like clothing you can find.``](../94)

|[``< Previous page``](../92)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|