---
title: "Ask around for any info on El Disgusto's whereabouts."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-14T23:09:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Ignoring **The Undertaker’s** bruised ego, you approach the **shopkeeper** again. “*Hey, thanks again for the **clothes**. Just out of curiosity, have you heard anything about a friend of mine named **El Disgusto**? I saw a **newspaper article** suggesting he was in the area.*”

The **shopkeeper** almost looks starstruck at the mention of **El Disgusto**, much to your surprise and confusion. “*Oh wow, you’re friends with our **grossly savior**, **El Disgusto Magnifico** himself? Of course I know him, he won the **Rat Bowl** and freed our town from the rodent menace just the other day! He earned the **key to the city**, so he’s probably in the **mayor’s manor** now.*” You’re slightly taken aback by the thought of someone like **El Disgusto** being put in any kind of position of power, but the **shopkeeper** is unbothered. “*Just head north from the **town center**, it’s right at the top of the hill.*” “*Great, thanks.*” You grab **The Undertaker** by his sleeve and exit the shop.

Following the north road out of the **town center**, you eventually find yourself in front of an enormous, ornately-decorated **longhall** perched at the top of the hill. This definitely doesn’t seem like the kind of place you’d expect **El Disgusto** to be. “*Hey uh, you sure that guy in the shop had the right idea? This place seems a bit too nice for a guy with a name like ‘**El Disgusto**’.*” Evidently **The Undertaker** agrees. Ignoring your lingering doubts, you knock on the front door.

Your knocking is immediately met by the sounds of crashing from within the house, followed by a familiar gruff voice in the distance shouting, “**Just a minute!*” You continue to hear crashing and the sounds breaking glass for several more minutes before the door finally swings open and you’re met by a horrific sight; **El Disgusto** shirtless. You and **The Undertaker** both immediately recoil at the sight of your mangy friend’s **greasy, matted chest hair**.

“*Yeah yeah, who is… wait, **Gregory**? **Gregory**, mi amigo!*” Before you can react, **El Disgusto** runs up to you and smothers you in a big, slimy hug. The smell is overwhelming, and it takes everything to stop yourself from gagging. “*Dios mio **Gregory**, after everything that happened at **HQ** I thought for sure you were dead! I’m so happy to see you!*” “*Ugh… it’s good to see you too **Grossly**, but could you please let me go?*” **El Disgusto** releases you from his unpleasant embrace. “*Ah yeah, sorry. Hey, who’s your new friend?*” **The Undertaker** takes a step back upon realizing he’s referring to him. He glances over to you and begins whispering not-so-subtly at you “*THIS **furball** is your friend?*” you elbow him in the gut, pushing him slightly closer to **El Disgusto** again. “*Ugh… oh. Yeah, nice to meet you **Mr. Disgusto**. You can call me **The Undertaker**.*”

“*Ah, **Senor Taker**! Fantastic! This is just like old times. So, what brings you guys to **Savagegrad**?*”

What will you tell your **repugnant old friend**?

[``> Explain the details of my lengthy side quest, and of the images me and The Undertaker saw in the scrying ritual.``](../96)

|[``< Previous page``](../94)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|