---
title: "Explain the details of my lengthy side quest, and of the images me and The Undertaker saw in the scrying ritual."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-15T00:22:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories: ["gregory-quest"]
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

“*It’s actually a bit of a long story, maybe we can sit down somewhere and talk about everything that’s happened since **HQ**?*” **El Disgusto** slaps himself on the forehead. “*Oh yes of course, sorry about that. Please, take a seat in my humble new **vacation home**!*”

**El Disgusto** leads you inside the **longhouse**. While the interior is still opulent, his influence is already visible. Small **piles of muck** line the corners of each room, and every wall is haphazardly decorated with what appear to be **mounted rat pelts** of various sizes. Shortly after you enter, a very muscular **butler** approaches **El Disgusto** and offers him a **fur robe**, which he promptly covers himself with. “*Can you believe this, man? I caught a **few rats** and not only do I get this awesome **house**, but they gave me my own **posse** to go with it! There’s like six of these guys, they all say they’re ‘*sworn to bear my burdens*’ or whatever.*” Your **friend** and his **butler** lead you into a side dining room, where a pair of similarly muscular women pull out chairs for the three of you around the table. “*So, what’s this long story of yours?*”

You take a deep breath and start your story. “*Alright, well after I drank that **tunnel drink** I woke up naked on **The Undertaker** here’s doorstep. He told me he could help me find you and the others with a **scrying ritual**, but I had to get the **reagents** for it from a nearby town called **Loincloth**. I ended up cutting through a different town named **Sumo Town** on the way, and that’s where I saw a **newspaper article** saying you were in **Savagegrad**. I also met a **geomancer** named **Tokidoki**, who told me he’d send me here if I ran an errand for him in **Loincloth** too. So then he used his powers to send me to **Loincloth**, where I picked up the supplies for **Tokidoki** and **The Undertaker**. Then I made my way back, did the ritual with **The Undertaker**, and we both met back up with **Tokidoki** who sent us here.*” Satisfied with your summary of the last few days, you look over at **El Disgusto** only to notice he’s staring off into space. Annoyed, you snap your fingers in front of his face to get his attention. “*Huh, oh sorry. Could you repeat that? I was a bit distracted.*” You let out a defeated groan, and **The Undertaker** facepalms himself.

“*Alright, basically the **tunnel drink** dumped me naked at **The Undertaker’s** front door and after like two days of wandering around the countryside wearing a **diaper made of rope** he helped me scry on our other friends and **Bubungo**. You get all that?*” **El Disgusto** looks satisfied with the summary. “*Of course, why didn’t you say so? Sounds like you were way busier than me; that **weird drink** just dropped me in the town center, I heard they were running a **rat-catching contest**, and suddenly the people here are kissing my feet and I get this **fancy house**! I’ve basically just been lounging here for the last two days.*” You’re mildly disappointed yet not at all surprised that **El Disgusto** apparently hasn’t been doing anything to try and reunite with you or your other friends.

**The Undertaker** slams his fist on the table, grabbing your and **El Disgusto’s** attention. “*Well now that you two have had your reunion, I think it’s high time we start discussing where the rest of your allies are, and what our next move is. You wanna tell **Grossly** here about your visions?*” “*Right yeah, I was getting to that. Based on the **scrying ritual** we did, it looks like **Macho Man’s** back at **Hollow Hold** helping out the trainees rebuild, **The Ultimate** Warrior is off his **meds** and got caught by **The Rock’s tribe**, **Mankind** is still in **Wrestlympus** leading some freedom fighters, and **The Rock** is with some **monks** in some kind of **giant graveyard** that I didn’t recognize. Also, when I tried to scry on **Bubungo** I got a creepy vision of **Vince** staring at me instead.*” 

You look over to **El Disgusto** assuming he’d be staring off into space again, but instead find him looking at you with a large grin on his face. “*Man, as soon as I saw you on my doorstep I knew my little vacation here would be over. Oh well, can’t just up and abandon our **amigos** now can we?*” **El Disgusto** hops up from his chair. “*Well, you’re the one with the crazy visions. Where are we going first?*”

{{< align "center" >}}***El Disgusto** has re-joined your party!*{{</ align >}}

Your little gang is sitting in **El Disgusto’s** “**vacation house**”. What will you do?

[``> Suggest heading back to Wrestlympus first, Mankind seemed like he could use some backup.``](../97)

|[``< Previous page``](../95)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|