---
title: "Make plans to stop at Hollow Hold first and meet up with Macho Man, try to find The Ultimate Warrior's pills and free him if we can, then make for Wrestlympus."
type: "single"
date: 2024-04-15T01:24:00-04:00
draft: false
hide_nav: true
hide_from_new: false
caption_mainpage: ""
categories:
- stories
- collaborations
tags:
- gregory-quest
include_css:
- gregory_quest
---

Satisfied with **El Disgusto’s** compromise, you and your group begin to look over the map of **Wrestlemania** to form a plan. While this is the first time you’ve seen a proper map of this country, you are able to roughly work out the path you’ve followed on your journey up to this point based on the names of various landmarks. **Mount Wrestlympus**, unsurprisingly, sits in the center of the map. The **forest** you arrived in, the **Rock Tribe’s village** and **Hollow Hold** all lie near the southern border of **Wrestlemania**, **Sumo Town**, **Loincloth** and **Dragon’s Hollow** can all be found far to the northwest within a region marked “***Wrestlemanian Wilds***”, and **Savagegrad** is far to the northeast within the “***Wrestlemanian Highlands***”. A few unfamiliar landmarks also catch your eye, including a village named “***Wrestler’s Rest***” which is south of **Mount Wrestlympus** near where you remember Vince’s tomb being, as well as a mysterious landmark on the outskirts of **Hollow Hold** simply labeled “***Barbecue Glade***”.

After a few minutes of research you turn to your team, confident in your new plan. “*All right, I think we should head to **Hollow Hold** and pick up **Macho Man** first, then we’ll make our way back to **The Rock Tribe’s village** and try to rescue **The Ultimate Warrior**. Then we should be good to meet up with **Mankind** and those servants in **Wrestlympus**.*” **The Undertaker** and **El Disgusto** both nod, satisfied with your plans. **The Undertaker** then picks up the map and signals for you to look at something. “*Just so you know, I think we might be able to pick up **The Rock** too. In your vision you said he was in some big graveyard, and to me that sounds like the **Eternal Arena** over here in **Wrestler’s Rest**. That right there is the biggest **necropolis** in all of **Wrestlemania**, and we’re gonna have to pass right through it before we get anywhere else.*” How convenient! He finishes rolling up the map as you grab your pack, and the three of you exit the longhouse.

---

Your party is in **Savagegrad**, standing outside **El Disgusto’s** home. You’re carrying a **pack** containing **food**, **survival supplies**, and **2340 gold**. Will you enact your plan and head south towards **Hollow Hold**, or derail your adventure yet again for a shopping spree in **Savagegrad**?

[``> Ask if anyone in the party needs any last minute supplies before heading out.``](../99)

|[``< Previous page``](../97)|[``< Back to the start``](../)|
|---|---|